IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATION
INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGES
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

19.49% to 28.49%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening.

This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

28.74%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

Penalty APR and When it Applies

29.99%

This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

We have the right to apply the Penalty APR to new transactions if:

1) you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due by the Payment Due Date; or

2) your payment is returned by your bank.

and we will notify you if we do.

How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for at least 6 months. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR is applied. The Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.

Paying Interest

Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your entire balance (or if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) by the due date. We will begin charging interest on cash advances on the transaction date.

Plan Fee (Fixed Finance Charge)

A monthly fee up to 1.33% of each purchase or amount moved into a plan based on the plan duration, the APR that would otherwise apply to the purchase and other factors.

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

Fees
Annual Fee
$650

Transaction Fees	
Cash Advance	Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Foreign Transaction	None
Penalty Fees	
Late Payment	Up to $40.
Returned Payment	Up to $40.
Overlimit	None

How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance method (including new purchases)."

Variable APRs will not exceed 29.99%.

Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. If The Wall Street Journal does not publish the Prime Rate on that day, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If The Wall Street Journal is no longer published or stops publishing the Prime Rate, we may use the Prime Rate published in another newspaper of general circulation. If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs (and corresponding DPRs) will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and may have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period during which the Prime Rate has changed. Variable APRs are accurate as of 07/03/26.


TERMS AND CONDITIONS

View the full Card Member Agreement.


By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account in your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents.

You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it.

When you use your Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to the account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. We may change the Card Member Agreement subject to applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competitive environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cannot change certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership.

Additional Cards (including Companion Cards, if available):
Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement, must be at least 13 years of age and never had a default account with American Express. Additional Card Member may not be the same individual as the Basic Card Member or as another Additional Card Member on the same account. You are responsible for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to give Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it with them.

Cash advance at ATMs:
We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.

Brand Trademarks
The trademarks Delta, SkyMiles, and the Delta logo are exclusive property of Delta Air Lines, Inc. The trademarks are registered, or registrations are applied for, in countries of the world served by Delta. ©2026. All SkyMiles program rules apply to SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Offers void where prohibited by law. Offers are subject to change without notice. Other restrictions apply.

USA PATRIOT Act Notice:
Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.

Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents:
No provision of any marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wisconsin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, prior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agreement or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decree.

New York Residents:
New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Department of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov

Notice to California Residents:
An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.

Notice to Delaware Residents:
Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.

Notice to Oregon Residents:
Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time.

Notice to Ohio Residents:
The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.




The Delta SkyMiles® Reserve American Express Card is issued by American Express National Bank. ©2026 American Express National Bank.
POID KBDM:9910

OFFER TERMS
You may not be eligible to receive a welcome offer if you have or have had this Card or previous versions of this Card. You also may not be eligible to receive a welcome offer based on various factors, such as your history with credit card balance transfers, your history as an American Express Card Member, the number of credit cards that you have opened and closed and other factors. If you are not eligible for a welcome offer, we will notify you prior to processing your application so you have the option to withdraw your application.

Earn up to 125,000 Bonus Miles
To qualify for the 100,000 bonus miles, you must make eligible purchases with your Delta SkyMiles® Reserve American Express Card that total $6,000 or more within your first 6 months of Card Membership starting from the date that your account is opened. If you qualify for the first 100,000 bonus miles, you can earn an additional 25,000 bonus miles (for a total of 125,000 bonus miles), after you use your Card to make an additional $3,000 in eligible purchases (for a total of $9,000 in purchases) by the end of your first 6 months of Card Membership, starting from the date that your account is opened. Miles will be credited to your account 8-12 weeks after you meet each spend requirement. Eligible purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Card account. Eligible purchases to meet the spend requirement do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of any cash equivalents. Additional Card Members on your account are not eligible for this offer. To earn the 125,000 bonus miles, your Card must not be cancelled or past due at the time of fulfillment.

Your period to spend $6,000 may be shorter than 6 months, and your period to spend $3,000 may be shorter than 6 months, depending on when you receive your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 6 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). Bonus miles will be credited to your account 8-12 weeks after you meet each spend requirement. In rare circumstances, you may need to pay down your balance during the billing cycle to help free up your available credit to make purchases to meet the eligible purchase requirements. It may take a few days after payment for your available credit to be updated.

Offers may vary and you may see different offers in different advertisements. To take advantage of this specific offer, apply through this advertisement. This offer is not transferable. Offer ends 07/15/2026 at 11:59pm MST. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke this offer at any time.

If we determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this offer in any way or that you intend to do so, including if you return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount, we may not credit, we may freeze, or we may take away the bonus miles from your Card Account. We may also cancel any Card Accounts you have with us.
Annual Fee
The annual fee for the Delta SkyMiles® Reserve American Express Card is $650. The annual fee for each Additional Delta SkyMiles® Reserve American Express Card is $175. There is no annual fee for Additional Delta SkyMiles® Platinum American Express Cards.
BENEFIT TERMS
The following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.

$240 Resy Credit
Enrollment through American Express is required to receive this benefit. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on a Delta SkyMiles Reserve or Reserve Business American Express Card Account can enroll in the benefit in the Benefits section of their americanexpress.com online account or by calling the number on the back of their Card. Enrolled Basic Card Members can earn up to $20 in statement credits each month when the Basic Card or Additional Cards on the enrolled Account are used to pay for eligible Resy purchases. However, the total amount of statement credits for eligible Resy purchases will not exceed $20 per month, for a total of up to $240 per calendar year in statement credits across all Cards on the account.

Eligible Resy purchases include purchases made directly at qualifying U.S. restaurants and other food and beverage establishments (e.g., wineries, cafes) that offer reservations on Resy.com and the Resy app and accept American Express® Cards, purchases made directly on Resy.com or in the Resy app, and purchases made via Resy Pay. Qualifying restaurants and other food and beverage establishments will be indicated as eligible on their booking page on Resy.com or the Resy app. To be eligible for the statement credit, U.S. restaurants and other food and beverage establishments (e.g., wineries, cafes) must be indicated as eligible for the Resy Credit on Resy.com or the Resy app at the time of purchase and are subject to change at any time. Purchases of Resy restaurant management software and Resy-branded American Express® Gift Cards are not eligible. Gift card purchases, delivery orders, catering orders, or purchases made on-site at events when the restaurant uses a third-party to process or submit the transaction to American Express (e.g. restaurant invites an outside merchant/non-Resy restaurant to sell goods at the event) also may not receive the statement credit.

Please allow up to 8 weeks after an eligible Resy purchase is charged to the enrolled Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. Please call the number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted after 8 weeks from the date of purchase. American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to American Express or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date, then you may not earn the statement credit benefit for the benefit period in which you made the purchase. For example, if an eligible purchase is made on December 31st but the merchant processes the transaction such that it is identified to us as occurring on January 1st, the January statement credit would be applied if available. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive the statement credit. Statement credit(s) may not be received or may be reversed if an eligible purchase is returned, refunded, cancelled, or modified.

American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify eligible purchases. If American Express does not receive information that identifies the transaction as an eligible purchase, the Account will not receive the statement credit. For example, the transaction may not be eligible if: it is not made directly with the merchant, it is made at a merchant located within another establishment (e.g. a restaurant inside a hotel or department store), it is for a non-dining purchase (e.g. Resy-branded American Express® gift cards or merchandise that features Resy branding or is sold at Resy restaurants), the merchant uses a third-party to process or submit the transaction to American Express (e.g. using mobile or wireless card readers), or you make a purchase using a third-party (e.g. third-party payment platforms, third-party websites or apps, third-party loyalty programs, or food delivery services).

If the Card Account is cancelled or past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you. If your Card is enrolled in the benefit and you replace your Card, please check the Benefits section of your americanexpress.com account, mobile app or call the number on the back of your Card to confirm your continued enrollment in the benefit. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card.

20% Back on In-Flight Purchases
Delta SkyMiles® Blue, Delta SkyMiles® Gold and Gold Business, Delta SkyMiles® Platinum and Platinum Business, and Delta SkyMiles® Reserve and Reserve Business American Express Basic Card Members will receive a 20% savings in the form of a statement credit on eligible pre-purchased meals, and in-flight purchases of food and beverages on Delta-operated flights charged to their Card Account. Purchases by both the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on the Card Account are eligible for statement credits. Basic Card Members will not receive a statement credit for any other in-flight purchases, such as in-flight wireless internet access, purchases through the Delta Sync in-flight wireless internet portal, associated services, and charitable contributions. To receive the statement credit, Card Members must use their Delta SkyMiles American Express Card to complete the in-flight purchase. Please allow 6-8 weeks after an eligible transaction is charged to the Card Account for the statement credit to be posted to the Account.

American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date then your purchase may not earn a statement credit in the billing cycle in which you made the purchase. American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify eligible purchases. If American Express does not receive information that identifies the transaction as an eligible purchase, the Basic Card Member will not receive the statement credit. Only one statement credit per transaction will be issued. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive statement credit.

If the Card Account is canceled or past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you.

Additional terms, conditions, and restrictions may apply. See http://delta.com/amex for details.

Account Manager
Account Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.

Adding an Additional Card Member
Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. They must be at least 13 years of age and never had a defaulted account with American Express. Additional Card Member may not be the same individual as the Basic Card Member or as another Additional Card Member on the same account. You are responsible for the activity and use of your Account by Additional Card Members. You must pay for all charges they make.

American Express Venue Collection™
The American Express Venue Collection provides American Express® Card Members with a Consumer or Business American Express Card issued by American Express in the US with access to a set of benefits at stadiums and arenas for select events. American Express cards issued by third-party financial institutions, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Debit Cards, and American Express Prepaid Cards are not eligible. All benefits are subject to specific terms & conditions. Some benefits will be fulfilled by the venue and are subject to terms & conditions set by the venue, as applicable. Benefits cannot be redeemed for cash, transferred, or substituted. Void where prohibited by law. For more information, including specific benefit terms & conditions and venues included as part of the collection, please visit americanexpress.com/venues.

American Express Venue Collection™ Concessions Statement Credit
Eligible Card Members can earn 10% back (up to $250) in statement credits per calendar year after using their enrolled Card to make qualifying food and beverage concessions purchases at stadiums and arenas in the American Express Venue Collection™. Limit one enrolled Card per Card Member. Offer ends 12/31/2026.

By enrolling in this offer, you agree to these terms and the Amex Offers™ Program Terms.

Eligibility and Enrollment​

Eligible Card Members must first add offer to Card and then use that same enrolled Card to make qualifying purchases. Only Consumer and Business American Express Cards issued by American Express in the US are eligible for this offer. American Express Prepaid Cards, Corporate Cards, Debit Cards, and American Express-branded Cards issued by other financial institutions are not eligible for this offer. Additional Cards on an eligible Card account are also eligible to enroll in this offer; however, any rewards or credits earned will be applied to the Basic Card Member's account. Each eligible Card must enroll separately in this offer and must individually make a qualifying purchase to earn a statement credit.

Limit one enrollment per Card Member regardless of whether a Card Member has more than one eligible Card. Offers are non-transferable. Card Members must select one eligible Card to enroll and enrollment of an eligible Card in this offer extends only to that Card.

Limit of $250 back in total statement credits on that enrolled Card each calendar year. Offer ends December 31, 2026.

Qualifying Purchases

Offer only valid on qualifying food and beverage concessions purchases at participating stadiums and arenas in the American Express Venue Collection™ ("Participating Venues"). Participating Venues and qualifying purchases are subject to change, and an up-to-date list can be found at go.amex/venue-concessions-us. Please review this list prior to making a purchase at a Participating Venue. Qualifying Purchases must be made during the offer period with your enrolled American Express Card and in an amount totaling at least $0.01 USD as posted to your account, following conversion from a foreign currency, if applicable, in accordance with your Card Member Agreement.

Offer not valid on purchases made using third parties, such as resellers, delivery services, or other intermediaries.

Statement Credit

If you meet the offer requirements, the statement credit(s) will typically post to your account within 30 days after you make a qualifying purchase, provided that American Express receives information from the merchant about your qualifying purchase. In some circumstances, it may take up to 90 days after the qualifying purchase for statement credit(s) to post. Please call the number on the back of your Card with any questions about this offer, including questions regarding enrollment or qualifying purchases, or if credit(s) have not posted to your account 30 days after you made the qualifying purchase. Accounts that are canceled at the time of fulfillment of the offer will not receive the credit(s). Credit(s) may not be received or may be reversed if an eligible purchase is returned, partially returned, refunded, canceled or modified. The 10% back in the form of statement credit(s), up to $250 in total statement credits per calendar year, is calculated based off the total amount of a qualifying purchase made in US dollars or following conversion to US dollars from a foreign currency, if applicable.

American Express Venue Collection™ Entrances and Fast Lanes
American Express Card Member entrances and/or fast lanes are available at venues in the American Express Venue Collection. Card Member entrances and fast lanes may not be available for all events; hours of availability may vary and are subject to change. Entrances and fast lanes may be modified or discontinued at any time and without notice. Card Members must have a valid ticket to the event and can access the Card Member entrance or fast lane by presenting a valid American Express Card in the Card Member's name. The number of guests that may accompany a Card Member through a Card Member entrance of fast lane may vary by venue. Additional terms may apply by venue and by event (including, without limitation, security protocols). American Express does not operate the Card Member entrances or fast lanes; the applicable venue operates the entrance. Venue personnel reserve the right to not allow Card Members and their guests admittance through the Card Member entrance or fast lane for any reason, including, without limitation, not adhering to security protocols. To learn more about a specific venue, please visit americanexpress.com/venues.

American Express® App
The American Express® App and app features are available only for eligible accounts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible.

To log in, customers must have an American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.

Amex Offers
To redeem an Amex Offer®, eligible Card Members must first enroll in the offer through their online account or in the American Express® App and then use their enrolled Card to make a qualifying purchase. Only U.S.-issued American Express Consumer and Business Cards may be eligible to participate. Card Members can check their eligibility by visiting the Amex Offers section of their online account. American Express, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to determine eligibility for the Amex Offers program and may revoke access or enrollment if we determine that you have engaged, or are likely to engage, in abuse, misuse, or gaming of the program. Please review the terms of each offer for details on how to redeem. By enrolling in an offer, you agree that American Express may use your transaction and personal information to administer the offer, communicate with you about it, and facilitate your experience in accordance with the American Express Privacy Statement. You also consent to receiving electronic communications from American Express, including email, app notifications, and other digital messages, related to your enrolled offers and the Amex Offers program.

By enrolling in an offer, you agree to the individual offer terms and Program Terms. See individual offer terms below, and full Program Terms.

Amex Preferred Tickets™
Eligible American Express® Card Members may purchase Amex Preferred Tickets™ for select events and select seats, during a specified period while supplies last. Tickets are sold by and fulfilled by third party ticket sellers (not American Express), and such tickets are subject to the rules, terms and conditions, prices and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue. When purchasing tickets, enter the 10-digit customer service phone number on the back of your eligible Card when prompted. Tickets must be purchased using one of the following U.S.-issued American Express Cards: Consumer, Business, or Corporate Platinum Card® or Centurion® Card; Consumer or Business Delta SkyMiles® Platinum Card; Consumer or Business Delta SkyMiles® Reserve Card; Consumer, Business, or Corporate Gold Card; Classic Business Gold Card; Business Gold Rewards Card; Executive Business Card; Hilton Honors American Express Surpass® Card; Hilton Honors Aspire Card; Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® Card; Marriott Bonvoy Bevy® Card; Marriott Bonvoy® Card; The Platinum Card® from American Express Exclusively for Morgan Stanley; The Platinum Card® from American Express Exclusively for Charles Schwab; The Platinum Card® from American Express for Goldman Sachs; or The Centurion® Card from American Express Exclusively for Goldman Sachs. Tickets are subject to availability and supply may be limited. Not all seats may be offered; purchase limits, and blackout dates may apply. Refunds, exchanges, and resale may be prohibited by the ticket seller.

Amex Presale Tickets®
American Express® Card Members have access to purchase Amex Presale Tickets® for select events and select seats, during a specified period prior to the general on-sale dates for those events. Tickets must be purchased using an American Express Card. An American Express Prepaid Card cannot be used to purchase tickets. Amex Presale Tickets® are sold by and fulfilled by third party ticket sellers (not American Express), and such tickets are subject to the rules, terms and conditions, prices and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue. Amex Presale Tickets® are subject to availability and supply may be limited. Not all seats may be offered; purchase limits and blackout dates may apply. Refunds, exchanges, and resale may be prohibited by the ticket seller. For more information, please visit americanexpress.com/entertainment.

Amex Reserved Tickets®
American Express® Card Members have access to purchase Amex Reserved Tickets® for select events and select seats, during a specified period. Tickets must be purchased using an American Express Card. An American Express Prepaid Card cannot be used to purchase tickets. Amex Reserved Tickets® are sold by and fulfilled by third-party ticket sellers (not American Express), and such tickets are subject to the rules, terms and conditions, prices and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue. Amex Reserved Tickets® are subject to availability and supply may be limited. Not all seats may be offered; purchase limits and blackout dates may apply. Refunds, exchanges, and resale may be prohibited by the ticket seller. For more information, please visit americanexpress.com/entertainment.

Award Travel
Taxes and fees for Award Travel are the responsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the time the ticket is booked. Award Travel seats are limited and may not be available on all flights or in all markets.

Brand Trademarks
©2026 The trademarks Delta, SkyMiles, and the Delta logo are exclusive property of Delta Air Lines, Inc., or its affiliates, unless otherwise noted.

Cell Phone Protection
Coverage is provided by New Hampshire Insurance Company, an AIG Company, at no-additional-cost to Card Membership. Coverage is subject to certain terms, conditions, and limitations, including limitations on the amount of coverage. Coverage is excess of any other applicable insurance or indemnity available to you. Coverage is limited only to those amounts not covered by any other insurance or indemnity. For more information about the coverage, please see the Guide to Benefits at americanexpress.com/CPPTerms.

Complimentary Access to Escape Lounges
Delta SkyMiles® Reserve and Delta SkyMiles® Reserve Business Basic and Additional SkyMiles Reserve or Reserve Business Additional Cards receive complimentary access to all Escape Lounge locations, including Escape Lounge - The Centurion® Studio Partner locations when flying on a same-day Delta-marketed or Delta-operated flight. To access an Escape Lounge, Card Members must present their valid Card, a boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation for same-day travel on Delta and government-issued I.D. Name on boarding pass must match name on the Card and the eligible flight must be booked on a U.S. issued American Express card. For access at select locations, Card Members must arrive within 3 hours of their departing flight. Refer to the specific location's access policy for more information. During a layover Card Members may use the Escape Lounge in the connecting airport at any time. For more information on access policies and lounge terms and conditions, see https://escapelounges.com/. All access to an Escape Lounge is subject to space availability. Card Member must be 18 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. All Escape Lounge visitors must be of legal drinking age in the jurisdiction where the Lounge is located to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. Card Members may bring guests at a per-visit rate equal to the guest fee of the respective Escape Lounge location. For more information on guest fee rates and lounge terms and conditions, see https://escapelounges.com/. Guests must be traveling on a same-day Delta-marketed or Delta-operated flight. Card Member must adhere to all house rules of participating lounges. Card Members and their guests will receive all the complimentary benefits and amenities afforded to the Escape Lounge customers, as well as access to purchase non-complimentary items. Some product features may be subject to additional charges. Escape Lounge locations are subject to change without notice. Additional restrictions may apply.

Complimentary Access to Sidecar by The Centurion® Lounge
U.S. Basic and Additional Delta SkyMiles® Reserve and Reserve Business American Express Card Members have complimentary access to Sidecar by The Centurion® Lounge in the United States when flying on a same-day Delta-marketed or Delta-operated flight. Please visit thecenturionlounge.com for more information on Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge availability. The eligible flight must be booked on a U.S. issued American Express Card. A Card Member may bring up to two guests at a per-visit rate of $50 USD (or $30 USD for children aged 2 through 17) per person, per location. If you choose to visit multiple locations of The Centurion Lounge and/or Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge in the same day, guest fees will apply at each location. Guests must be traveling on a same-day Delta-marketed or Delta-operated flight. Effective July 8, 2026, all guests must be traveling on the same flight as the Card Member. Eligible lounges include all Sidecar by The Centurion Lounges located in the United States. To access Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge, the Card Member must arrive within 90 minutes of their departing flight (including layovers), and present the Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge agent with the following upon each visit: their valid Reserve Card, a boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation for eligible Delta Air Lines flight, and a government-issued I.D. Name on boarding pass must match name on the Card. Failure to present these items may result in access being denied. Card Members will not be compensated for changes in locations, rates or policies. A Card Member must be at least 18 years of age to enter without a parent or legal guardian. For locations with a self-service bar, the Card Member must be of legal drinking age in the location's jurisdiction to enter without a parent or legal guardian. Must be of legal drinking age to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. American Express reserves the right to remove any person from Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge for inappropriate behavior or failure to adhere to rules, including, but not limited to, conduct that is disruptive, abusive or violent. Access is subject to space availability. Hours may vary by location and are subject to change. Amenities vary among Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge locations and are subject to change. Services and amenities in Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge are complimentary, however, you are responsible for any purchases and/or servicing charges you authorize our Member Services Professionals to perform on your behalf. American Express will not be liable for any articles lost or stolen or damages suffered by the purchaser or visitor inside Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge. Use of Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge is subject to all rules and conditions set by American Express. American Express reserves the right to revise the rules at any time without notice.

Complimentary Access to The Centurion® Lounge
U.S. Basic and Additional Delta SkyMiles® Reserve and Reserve Business American Express Card Members receive complimentary access to The Centurion® Lounge when flying on a same-day Delta-marketed or Delta-operated flight. The eligible flight must be booked on a U.S. issued American Express Card. A Card Member may bring up to two guests at a per-visit rate of $50 USD (or $30 USD for children aged 2 through 17) per person, per location. If you choose to visit multiple locations of The Centurion Lounge and/or Sidecar by The Centurion® Lounge in the same day, guest fees will apply at each location. Guests must be traveling on a same-day Delta-marketed or Delta-operated flight. Effective July 8, 2026, all guests must be traveling on the same flight as the Card Member. Eligible lounges include all Centurion Lounges located in the United States and select international locations (as set forth on the Centurion Lounge Website). Guest access policies (including but not limited to guest fees and number of complimentary guests per visit) applicable to international locations of The Centurion Lounge may vary by location and are subject to change. Please visit thecenturionlounge.com to learn more about guest access policies for international locations of The Centurion Lounge. To access The Centurion Lounge, the Card Member must arrive within 3 hours of their departing flight, and present The Centurion Lounge agent with the following upon each visit: their valid Reserve or Reserve Business Card, a boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation for eligible Delta Air Lines flight, and a government-issued I.D. Name on boarding pass must match name on the Card. Failure to present these items may result in access being denied. Effective July 8, 2026, during a layover, Card Members must arrive within 5 hours of the connecting flight. Same-day round trip itineraries are not considered connecting flights. Card Members will not be compensated for changes in locations, rates or policies. A Card Member must be at least 18 years of age to enter without a parent or legal guardian. For locations with a self-service bar, the Card Member must be of legal drinking age in the location's jurisdiction to enter without a parent or legal guardian. Must be of legal drinking age to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. American Express reserves the right to remove any person from The Centurion Lounge for inappropriate behavior or failure to adhere to rules, including, but not limited to, conduct that is disruptive, abusive or violent. Access is subject to space availability. Hours may vary by location and are subject to change. Amenities vary among The Centurion Lounge locations and are subject to change. Services and amenities in The Centurion Lounge are complimentary, however, you are responsible for any purchases and/or servicing charges you authorize our Member Services Professionals to perform on your behalf. American Express will not be liable for any articles lost or stolen or damages suffered by the purchaser or visitor inside The Centurion Lounge. Use of The Centurion Lounge is subject to all rules and conditions set by American Express. American Express reserves the right to revise the rules at any time without notice.

Complimentary Upgrade List
Delta SkyMiles® Reserve and Reserve Business American Express Basic Card Members (each, an "Eligible Card Member") who are not SkyMiles Medallion Members are eligible for the Delta SkyMiles Complimentary Upgrade Program. Eligible Card Members will be eligible to receive Complimentary Upgrades for Delta One® (within the 50 United States), Delta First, Delta Premium Select (within the 50 United States), and Delta Comfort after Medallion Members. Delta Basic experiences (e.g., Delta Main Basic/Basic Economy) are not eligible for Complimentary Upgrades, regardless of Medallion or other elite status. Complimentary Upgrades are subject to availability and may not be available on all flights or in all markets. Benefit terms and conditions subject to change. All Delta Complimentary Upgrade rules apply. To review the rules, including instructions on how to adjust upgrade preference settings within your SkyMiles account, please see https://www.delta.com/us/en/skymiles/medallion-program/medallion-upgrades.

Concierge
American Express Concierge may perform select services at your request and on your behalf that are limited to: (i) purchasing of available event tickets, (ii) making of available dining or other reservations (which may include, for example, spa or golf), (iii) general travel-related inquiries, and (iv) shopping requests (which may include, for example, sending of flowers or gifts); in each case, as deemed reasonable by American Express. You are responsible for all purchases and associated taxes and fees (including, without limitation, shipping fees) that Concierge makes at your request and on your behalf. You acknowledge that if you make a request through Concierge: (i) American Express is placing that request on your behalf, and (ii) the goods and/or services you requested will be provided by third parties and American Express is not liable for any injury to person or property caused by such third parties or the goods and/or services requested. American Express reserves the right to note your preferences (which may include, for example, flower preferences or tee times) for servicing and marketing purposes, but is not responsible for notifying a restaurant of any food allergies or any other dietary restrictions or preferences when making dining reservations.

Delta No Blackout Dates
Although blackout dates have been eliminated on Delta flights, blackout dates may apply on partner flights and are defined by individual partner carriers.

Delta Reserve $120 Rideshare Credit
Enrollment through American Express is required to receive this benefit. Only Card Members or Authorized Account Manager(s) on a Basic Delta SkyMiles® Reserve and Reserve Business American Express Card (each, an "Eligible Card") can enroll in the benefit in the Benefits section of their americanexpress.com online account or by calling the number on the back of their Eligible Card. Please note, enrollment may take up to 24 hours to take effect on the Eligible Card. Enrolled Basic Card Members can earn up to $10 in statement credits per month each year when the Basic Card or Additional Cards on the enrolled Eligible Card Account are used to make eligible purchases in the U.S. with the following rideshare services: Uber, Lyft, Curb, and Alto, which are subject to change. Eligible purchases can be made by both the enrolled Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on the enrolled Eligible Card Account. However, the total amount of statement credits for eligible purchases will not exceed $10 per month (for a total of $120) in statement credits per calendar year, per enrolled Eligible Card Account.

Eligible purchases are for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person transactions, or purchases of any other cash equivalents. Eligible purchases do not include delivery services (for example, food, packages, groceries, pet food, toys or retail clothing), bikeshare, scooter, car rental, transit, membership or subscription, or any other non-rideshare services offered by the rideshare providers. Please allow up to 8 weeks after an eligible purchase is charged to the enrolled Eligible Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Eligible Card Account. Please call the number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted after 8 weeks from the date of purchase. American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date then your purchase may not earn the statement credit benefit for the benefit period in which you made the purchase. For example, if an eligible purchase is made on December 31st but the merchant processes the transaction such that it is identified to us as occurring on January 1st, the January statement credit would be applied. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive the statement credit. Statement credits may not be received or may be reversed if the eligible purchase is cancelled, refunded, or modified.

American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify eligible purchases. If American Express does not receive information that identifies the transaction as an eligible purchase, the Basic Card Member will not receive the statement credit. Basic Card Members may not receive the statement credit if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify your purchase as eligible, if the transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party (such as an app store), or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it.

To be eligible for this benefit, the Eligible Card Account must not be cancelled or past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you. If you close your Delta SkyMiles® Reserve Business American Express Card Account and then open a new Delta SkyMiles® Gold Business American Express Card Account, you will no longer be enrolled in the Rideshare benefit and you will be required to enroll in the Delta SkyMiles® Gold Business Rideshare Credit benefit after 12 months of Card Membership, as outlined in the Delta SkyMiles® Gold Business Rideshare Credit terms and conditions. If your Eligible Card is enrolled in the benefit and you replace your Eligible Card, please check the Benefits section of your americanexpress.com account, mobile app or call the number on the back of your Eligible Card to confirm your continued enrollment in the benefit.

Delta Reserve $200 Delta Stays Credit
Basic Delta SkyMiles® Reserve American Express Card Members can earn up to $200 in statement credits per calendar year when a Basic Card or an Additional Card on the Account is used to pay for a new Delta Stays prepaid hotel or vacation rental booking on the Delta Stays platform (delta.com/stays) (each, an "Eligible Delta Stays Booking").

Purchases by both the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on the Card Account are eligible for statement credits. However, the total amount of statement credits for Eligible Delta Stays Bookings will not exceed $200 on the Card Account per calendar year. Eligible Delta Stays Booking does not include interest charges, cancellation fees, property fees, resort fees, or other similar fees, or any charges by a property to you (whether for your booking, your stay or otherwise). Please allow 6-8 weeks after an Eligible Delta Stays Booking is charged to your Card for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. Call the number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted by that time, or for additional information. American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date then your purchase may not earn the statement credit benefit for the benefit period in which you made the purchase. For example, if an Eligible Delta Stays Booking is purchased on December 31st but the merchant processes the transaction such that it is identified to us as occurring on January 1st, the January statement credit would be applied if available. American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify an Eligible Delta Stays Booking. If American Express does not receive the information that identifies your transaction as eligible for this benefit, the Basic Card Member will not receive the statement credit. Basic Card Members may not receive the statement credit if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify your purchase as eligible, if a transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party (such as an app store), or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it. For additional information on Delta Stays, visit delta.com/stays. The Delta Stays program is subject to change, and American Express has no control over those changes. Bookings through Delta Vacations and products other than prepaid hotels and vacation rentals booked through Delta Stays will not qualify for statement credits. Statement credit(s) may not be received or may be reversed if the Eligible Delta Stays Booking is refunded, cancelled, or modified. If the Card Account is cancelled or past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. Prepaid hotels and vacation rentals available through the Delta Stays platform are subject to change. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide and may reverse any statement credits provided to you.

Delta Reserve Companion Certificate
Eligibility:
Basic Card Members with a Delta SkyMiles Reserve or Reserve Business American Express Card will receive a Companion Certificate each year after Card Account renewal, eligible for use on Delta, Delta Connection carrier and Delta Shuttle flights only (excludes all other Delta-designated codeshare flights). Companion Certificate is valid for one round-trip Delta First, Delta Premium Select, Delta Comfort or Delta Main Companion ticket with the purchase of certain adult round-trip fares on published routings originating within the United States, Puerto Rico or the U.S. Virgin Islands (USVI) to the following destinations: the United States, Puerto Rico, USVI, Mexico, Antigua, Aruba, Bermuda, Bonaire, Curacao, Grand Cayman, Cuba, Jamaica, Bahamas, Turks and Caicos, Dominican Republic, Saint Kitts, St. Maarten, St. Lucia, Costa Rica, Belize, Guatemala, Panama, Honduras, and El Salvador. Qualifying tickets must be operated by Delta or its Delta Connection carriers and are limited to Delta-served airports; routes, frequencies and destinations offered by Delta are subject to change at any time in Delta's sole discretion without prior notice. Delta Basic experiences (e.g., Delta Main Basic/Basic Economy) are not eligible. It is the responsibility of the passenger to be in possession of all necessary documentation (e.g., valid passport, visa where applicable) at the time and place of departure. Travel to Cuba is subject to compliance with applicable law. Each year, the Companion Certificate will be made available for redemption on delta.com in the Card Account renewal month. If the Basic Card Member's Account anniversary month changes (for example, due to a Card replacement), the Companion Certificate will be awarded annually within the new Card Account renewal month. Companion Certificate can be redeemed for Delta, Delta Connection carrier and Delta Shuttle flights reservations at delta.com. Companion Certificate can also be redeemed toward the eligible flight portion of a Delta Vacations vacation package booking. Card Members must call Delta Vacations Reservations to book directly through a specialist. Companion Certificate terms and conditions may vary each year of Card Membership. Additional restrictions apply. See below.

Taxes/Fees:
A Companion ticket requires payment of government-imposed taxes and fees of no more than $80 for round-trip domestic flights (for itineraries with up to four flight segments), and no more than $250 for round-trip international flights to the eligible destinations (for itineraries with up to four flight segments). Taxes and fees depend on the itinerary. Checked bag fees apply. These allowances are subject to size/weight limits. Contact a Delta agent or visit delta.com for details. Taxes and fees are subject to change, are the responsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the time the Primary ticket is purchased and the Companion ticket is issued.

Restrictions:
Companion Certificate can be redeemed for Delta, Delta Connection carrier and Delta Shuttle flights reservations at delta.com. Companion Certificate can also be redeemed toward the eligible flight portion of a Delta Vacations vacation package booking. Card Members must call Delta Vacations Reservations to book directly through a specialist. Companion Certificate and Delta eCredits can be combined in the same transaction. Delta eCredits can be applied as payment toward cost of the Primary ticket, Companion ticket, and any government-imposed taxes and fees. The eCredit must match the name of the traveler whose ticket is being purchased. The Companion Certificate cannot be combined with another offer or discount including, but not limited to, web fares, sale fares and eCoupons. Both passengers must be booked at the same time, on the same flights and dates, in the same class of service, and on the same record. Tickets are only available in L, U, T, X, and V classes of services for Delta Main travel. For Delta Comfort travel, tickets are available in W and S classes of service, but only when L, U, T, X, or V classes of service are available in Delta Main. For Delta Premium Select travel, tickets are available in A and G classes of service. For Delta First travel, tickets are available in I and Z classes of service. Companion Certificates are not eligible to purchase Delta One® seats. Tickets may not be available on all flights or markets. Companion Certificates are eligible for Complimentary Upgrades, subject to availability on flights where Complimentary Upgrades are made available to Medallion Members, SkyMiles Program Rules, and Medallion Benefit terms and policies in effect at the time of travel. Most fares require an advance purchase of up to 14 days, a 3-night minimum stay and a 30-day maximum stay. All fare rules, restrictions, advance purchase requirements, and availability are per rule of Primary ticket fare purchased. Companion tickets are not transferable. Primary ticket and Companion ticket must be purchased with your Delta SkyMiles Reserve or Reserve Business Card and/or eCredits. Additional restrictions may apply. Visit delta.com/eCredits for more information. Travel for Companion Certificate must be booked and completed (i.e., fully flown) by the date on the front of such certificate. Validity is not based on calendar year. Primary ticket will accrue miles. Companion ticket will not accrue miles. Tickets are eligible for Global or Regional Upgrade Certificates but not eligible for mileage upgrades. Companion Certificate is void if reproduced, altered, counterfeited, obtained or used improperly, or where prohibited by law. Companion Certificate has no value except when redeemed in accordance with all terms and conditions of this offer. Companion Certificate is for new purchases only and cannot be applied to the cost of miscellaneous charge orders or previously issued tickets. Companion Certificate is the property of Delta Air Lines and must be surrendered or returned upon request. Delta reserves the right to cancel, rescind, or void any Companion Certificate if the Card is cancelled or downgraded within 60 days of the date that the Annual Fee is billed to the Card. If the Card Account is canceled or past due at the time of benefit fulfillment, it may not qualify to receive a Companion Certificate. Fares, fees, schedules, offers and rules are subject to change without notice. Terms and conditions of this offer are as written and cannot be altered, modified or waived unless authorized by a corporate officer of Delta Air Lines, Inc. All Delta SkyMiles program rules apply. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide.

Routing/Blackout Dates:
Stopovers, open jaws, and circle trips are not permitted. Blackout dates subject to the rules of the Primary ticket fare purchased.

Cancellations/Ticket Changes/Reissuance:
If the Primary ticket or the Companion ticket is cancelled, both tickets will be cancelled. If a wholly unused Primary ticket and Companion ticket are cancelled, the Companion Certificate redeemed will be automatically reissued after the cancellation is processed and will retain its original expiration date. Subject to the fare rules of the Primary ticket, the value of the Primary ticket, less any fare difference, may be applied to future travel. Cancellations are subject to the rules of the fare purchased. If the Primary ticket and Companion ticket are changed after issuance, subject to the fare rules of the Primary ticket, there will be a charge for the fare difference of the Primary ticket. Changes are subject to the rules of the fare purchased and are subject to seat availability. After travel has commenced, rerouting is not permitted. In the event of flight irregularities and/or cancellations, alternative flights will be on Delta only.

Transferability:
The Companion Certificate is transferable. Primary ticket and Companion ticket are not transferable once issued. Companion Certificate may not be bartered or sold. Companion Certificates or Companion tickets acquired through prohibited sale/barter transactions are void and will not be honored for travel.

Delta Sky Club® Access
Card Members with a Delta SkyMiles® Reserve or Reserve Business American Express Basic or SkyMiles Reserve or Reserve Business Additional Card (each, an "Eligible Card") will receive 15 "Visits" per Eligible Card each year to Delta Sky Club or to Grab and Go. Visits are issued at Card Account opening and then on February 1 of each subsequent year and expire on January 31 of each year. Visits are non-transferable and may only be used by the Eligible Card Member. Eligible Card Members traveling on a Delta partner airline flight that is not marketed or operated by Delta may access the Club at a per-Visit rate of $50 per person.

A "Visit" is an entry to one or more Delta Sky Clubs or usage of the Delta Sky Club "Grab and Go" feature, at one or more airports, for a period of up to 24 hours starting upon the first Delta Sky Club entry or Grab and Go usage, during an Eligible Card Member's travel on a same-day Delta-marketed or Delta-operated flight. Eligible Card Members traveling on a Delta-marketed, Delta-operated flight or a Delta partner airline flight that is not marketed or operated by Delta with Delta Main Basic (Basic Economy) fare tickets (or similar "Light" or "basic" tickets issued by a Delta partner) do not have access to Delta Sky Club or to Grab and Go. A single Visit permits usage of Delta Sky Club(s) in multiple airports during the 24-hour period. For example, if you visit a Delta Sky Club in different airports on a trip, entry into one or more of these Clubs will be considered part of the same Visit as long as these additional entries occur within 24 hours of the first Delta Sky Club entry. If travel exceeds 24 hours from the first Delta Sky Club, then a second Visit will be deducted if entering Delta Sky Club or using Grab and Go more than 24 hours after the first entry. Eligible Card Members may not access the Club or a Grab and Go location in the three hours from the time of previous Grab and Go usage at the same airport. Once all 15 Visits have been used, Eligible Card Members may purchase additional Delta Sky Club Visits at a per-Visit rate of $50 per person, or may purchase a Grab and Go Visit at a per-Visit rate of $25 per person. Visits cannot be used for guest entry. During a Visit, Eligible Card Members may bring either up to two (2) guests, or their immediate family (spouse/domestic partner and children under 21) to the Club at a per-Visit rate of $50 per person, or may purchase a Grab and Go Visit at a per-Visit rate of $25 per person. The Eligible Card must be used as the payment method to purchase Card Member and guest access. Guests must also be flying on a same-day Delta-marketed or Delta-operated flight or Delta partner airline flight and be accompanied by the Eligible Card Member. Guests traveling on a Delta-marketed, Delta operated flight or a Delta partner airline flight that is not marketed or operated by Delta with Delta Main Basic (Basic Economy) fare tickets (or similar "Light" or "basic" tickets issued by a Delta partner) do not have access to Delta Sky Club or to Grab and Go. Children under 2 years of age may accompany the Eligible Card Member for free.

Eligible Card Members with multiple eligible American Express Cards that grant Delta Sky Club access are responsible for selecting their method of entry into a Delta Sky Club prior to entry. Visits will be deducted based on the eligible American Express Card presented at time of entry. Switching the American Express Card used for entry after a Card Member has entered a Delta Sky Club is not permitted.

To earn an unlimited number of Visits ("Unlimited Delta Sky Club Access"), the total eligible purchases on the Eligible Card Account must equal or exceed $75,000 (the "Purchase Requirement") in each calendar year. Once effective, Unlimited Delta Sky Club Access will be provided to both the Basic and Additional Reserve Card Members on the Eligible Card Account. All entry requirements set forth in these Terms and Conditions will continue to apply with respect to Unlimited Delta Sky Club Access.

Unlimited Delta Sky Club Access will be processed within a week of the Eligible Card Account's satisfying the Purchase Requirement in most instances but may take up to 12 weeks to become effective. Once effective, Unlimited Delta Sky Club Access will be available for the remainder of the calendar year in which it became effective, the following calendar year and through January 31 of the next calendar year (for example, if Unlimited Delta Sky Club Access becomes effective on May 1, 2025, it will remain effective through January 31, 2027). Eligible purchases made by any Additional Card Members on the Eligible Card Account will contribute to the Purchase Requirement. Eligible purchases to meet the Purchase Requirement are for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees, interest charges, cash advances, purchases of travelers' checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or other cash equivalents. If a Card Member upgrades to an Eligible Card from a different Delta SkyMiles Card, eligible purchases made on the prior Delta SkyMiles Card Account will count toward the Purchase Requirement. Delta reserves the right to revoke Unlimited Delta Sky Club Access if you return, reverse or charge back eligible purchases in a way that reduces your eligible spend below the Purchase Requirement for the calendar year. If Delta and/or American Express determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this Delta Sky Club Access Benefit in any way or that you intend to do so, Visits may be deducted from your account and/or Unlimited Delta Sky Club Access revoked.

Eligible Card Members must present their valid Card, government-issued I.D., and boarding pass for entry. Boarding pass must show a reservation for a same-day Delta-marketed or Delta-operated flight departing from or arriving at the airport in which Delta Sky Club is located. Eligible Card Members traveling on a same-day Delta-marketed, Delta-operated flight or a Delta partner airline flight that is not marketed or operated by Delta with Delta Main Basic (Basic Economy) fare tickets (or similar "Light" or "basic" tickets issued by a Delta partner) will not have access to Delta Sky Club or to Grab and Go. Name on boarding pass must match name on the Card. Eligible Card Members on departing flights can only access the Delta Sky Club or the Delta Sky Club "Grab and Go" feature within 3 hours of their flight's scheduled departure time or at any time during a layover. Delta reserves the right to limit access for non-revenue flyers at any Delta Sky Club. Individuals must be at least 18 years of age to access Delta Sky Club, and 21 years of age to access locations with a self-service bar, unless accompanied by a responsible, supervising adult who has access to the Club. Benefit valid only at Delta Sky Club. Partner lounges are not included. Note that amenities may vary among Delta Sky Club locations. Access is subject to Delta Sky Club House Rules. To review the House Rules, please visit delta.com/skyclub. Benefit and rules subject to change without notice. Additional restrictions may apply.

Delta Sky Club® One-Time Guest Passes
Delta SkyMiles® Reserve or Reserve Business American Express Basic Card Members will be issued four One-Time Guest Passes for complimentary access to the Delta Sky Club or usage of the Delta Sky Club "Grab and Go" feature within 6 to 8 weeks after Account opening, and thereafter every subsequent year within 6 to 8 weeks after February 1 while the Account is open. One-Time Guest Passes will expire on January 31 of each year. Additional Card Members are not eligible. One-Time Guest Passes will be available to view in the Card Member's Wallet in the Fly Delta app and in My Profile on delta.com under Certificates, eCredits, and Vouchers, typically within 1 week but in some instances, the deposit could take up to 8 weeks (for example, when the name on your SkyMiles account doesn't match the name on your Amex account).

Redeeming a "Delta Sky Club One-Time Guest Pass" will enable access to one or more Delta Sky Clubs or usage of the Delta Sky Club "Grab and Go" feature, at one or more airports, for a period of up to 24 hours starting upon the first Delta Sky Club entry or Grab and Go usage, during the guest's travel on a same-day Delta-marketed or Delta-operated flight. A single One-Time Guest Pass will permit usage of Delta Sky Club(s) in multiple airports during the 24-hour period. For example, if you visit a Delta Sky Club in different airports on a trip, entry into one or more of these Clubs will be considered part of the same visit as long as these additional entries occur within 24 hours of the first Delta Sky Club entry. If travel exceeds 24 hours from the first Delta Sky Club, then a second Guest Pass will be deducted if entering the Delta Sky Club or using Grab and Go more than 24 hours after the first entry. Guests may not access the Club or a Grab and Go location in the three hours from the time of previous Grab and Go usage at the same airport. The Basic Card Member must accompany guests for all Delta Sky Club visits or using Grab and Go entries within the 24-hour entry period.

To redeem Delta Sky Club One-Time Guest Passes, Delta SkyMiles® Reserve or Reserve Business American Express Basic Card Members must present their valid Card, government-issued I.D., and boarding pass for entry. Boarding pass must show a reservation for a same-day Delta-marketed or Delta-operated flight departing from or arriving at the airport in which the Delta Sky Club is located. Name on Basic Card Member's boarding pass must match name on the Card. Guests must present their government-issued I.D. and boarding pass for entry and name on boarding pass must match name on government-issued I.D. Guest's boarding pass must show a reservation for a same-day Delta-marketed or Delta-operated flight departing from or arriving at the airport in which the Delta Sky Club is located. Basic Card Members on departing flights can only access the Delta Sky Club or use the Delta Sky Club "Grab and Go" feature within 3 hours of their flight's scheduled departure time or at any time during a layover. Delta reserves the right to limit access for non-revenue flyers at any Delta Sky Club. The Basic Card Member must be present in order to use the One-Time Guest Passes and all eligibility rules of the Delta Sky Club Access benefit apply. The Card Member may only use two One-Time Guest Passes per Delta Sky Club visit. One-Time Guest Passes are non-transferable, cannot be assigned or sold, and have no cash value. Benefit valid only at Delta Sky Clubs. Partner lounges are not included. All Delta Sky Club House Rules apply. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/skyclub. Benefit and rules subject to change without notice. Additional restrictions may apply.

Destination Family
Benefits are valid for new bookings of eligible cruises or tour packages made through American Express Travel with participating travel providers using an eligible U.S. Consumer, Business, Corporate American Express® Card. Payment must be made with the eligible Card, and that Card Member must travel on the itinerary booked. Benefits may not be available to residents outside the 50 United States. Benefits apply per booking, not per traveler and cannot be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates may apply. Participating travel providers and benefits are subject to change and vary by travel provider. Benefits are non-transferable, subject to availability, and cannot be redeemed for cash, cash-equivalents, or credit.

Dispute Resolution
Not all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.

Fee Credit for Global Entry or TSA PreCheck®
Delta SkyMiles® Reserve American Express Card Members are eligible to receive one statement credit every 4 years for the Global Entry application fee or for the TSA PreCheck® application fee (when applying through a TSA official enrollment provider), in each case when charged to their eligible Card. Basic Card Members will receive a statement credit for the first program (either Global Entry or TSA PreCheck) to which they apply and pay for with their eligible Card. The charge for the five year program application fee can be made by the Basic Card Member or any Additional Card Members on a single Card account. No more than one credit across the account can be received every 4 years for up to $85 for TSA PreCheck or $120 credit for Global Entry (but not both programs), depending on the program for which the Card Member first applies. American Express has no control over the application and/or approval process for Global Entry or TSA PreCheck, and does not have access to any information provided to the government by the Card Member or by the government to the Card Member. American Express has no liability regarding the Global Entry or TSA PreCheck programs. U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) (for Global Entry) and U.S. Transportation Security Administration (TSA) (for TSA PreCheck) charge an application fee to process each respective application regardless of whether the Card Member's application is approved. The Department of Homeland Security may suspend acceptance of applications on any basis at its discretion. American Express will provide a statement credit for the application fee regardless of the decision made by CBP (for Global Entry) or TSA (for TSA PreCheck) but will not provide a statement credit for subsequent application fees charged to the same eligible Card within four years, even if the original application is rejected.

Membership for Global Entry or TSA PreCheck is per person, and a separate application must be completed for each individual. For additional information on the Global Entry and TSA PreCheck programs, including information regarding the application and/or approval process and for a list of participating airlines and airports, as well as the full terms and conditions of the programs, please go to www.globalentry.gov for Global Entry and www.tsa.gov for TSA PreCheck. The Global Entry and TSA PreCheck programs are subject to change, and American Express has no control over those changes. The statement credit benefit applies to the Global Entry or TSA PreCheck programs only. Other program applications including, but not limited to, NEXUS, SENTRI, FAST and Privium are not eligible for the statement credit benefit.

Please allow up to 8 weeks after the qualifying Global Entry or TSA PreCheck transaction is charged to the eligible Card account for the statement credit to be posted to the Card account. Statement credits may not be received or may be reversed if an eligible purchase is returned, refunded, cancelled, or modified. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive the statement credit. If you do not see a credit for a qualifying purchase on your eligible Card after 8 weeks, simply call the number on the back of your Card. Card Members are responsible for payment of all application charges until the statement credit posts to the Card account. American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. The transaction date may differ from the date you made the purchase if, for example, there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date. American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify eligible Global Entry and TSA PreCheck purchases. If American Express does not receive information that identifies your transaction as eligible for this benefit, the Basic Card Member will not receive the statement credit. Basic Card Members may not receive the statement credit if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify your purchase as eligible, if a transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party (such as an app store), or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it.

If the Card Account is canceled or past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card.

First Checked Bag Free
Benefit is limited to Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Delta SkyMiles® Gold or Gold Business, Delta SkyMiles® Platinum or Platinum Business, or Delta SkyMiles® Reserve or Reserve Business American Express Card. Reservation must include the Basic Card Member's SkyMiles number. Fee waiver also available for passengers traveling on the same reservation as the Basic Card Member. Maximum nine waivers per reservation. Waiver is only for standard bag fee, if any, for the first checked bag that is not overweight and not oversize under Delta's applicable rules as set forth in Delta's contract of carriage. Additional checked bags will be subject to the applicable baggage fees as outlined by Delta's rules and the purchased fare as set forth in Delta's contract of carriage. The first checked bag fee waiver will only be applied on flight segments which originate on a Delta or Delta Connection® carrier when you check-in with Delta for both a Delta marketed and Delta operated flight. Codeshare flights are not eligible. New Card Members and Card Members upgrading from another Delta SkyMiles Card product will be eligible for the checked baggage fee waiver benefit after receiving their Card from American Express. Waiver is not available to passengers who are already receiving one or more checked bags free (for example, due to itinerary purchased, Medallion Status, or active duty military status). Offer terms and conditions subject to change. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply. See delta.com/firstbagfree for details.

Global Dining Access by Resy
The Global Dining Access program (“GDA”) is a benefit available to eligible Card Members. “Eligible Card Members” are account holders of Platinum Card® or Centurion® Card from American Express, Business Platinum Card®, Business Centurion® Card from American Express, Corporate Platinum Card® or Corporate Centurion® Card from American Express, Delta SkyMiles® Reserve American Express Card, Delta SkyMiles® Reserve Business American Express Card, Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card, The Platinum Card® from American Express Exclusively for Morgan Stanley, The Platinum Card® from American Express Exclusively for Charles Schwab, The Platinum Card® from American Express for Goldman Sachs, and The Centurion® Card from American Express for Goldman Sachs (and any Additional Card Member(s) on their accounts). GDA may not be available for Cards issued from some countries. GDA provides eligible Card Members with (a) access to exclusive reservations, (b) Priority Notify, which allows GDA members to set notifications at participating U.S. Resy restaurants and other food and beverage establishments (excluding wineries, restaurants, and venues that don't take reservations) to be in the first group notified when tables become available on Resy that match the specifications set by the GDA members before they are made available to other Resy users, and (c) access to exclusive events. GDA reservations are accessible through the Resy App and Website (“Resy Sites”) and Concierge. Some features of GDA, like Priority Notify, may not be available through Concierge. To access this benefit through the Resy App, you must download the Resy App; or if you already have the Resy App, ensure the latest update is downloaded. When using the Resy Sites, create a Resy account or log into your existing Resy account and add your eligible Card to your Resy account. If you are assigned a new Card number, you must update the Card number in your Resy account. When you use GDA, a badge will be placed on your Resy profile, letting restaurants know that you are a member of the GDA program. Reservations are based on a first-come, first-served basis. In the event of a reservation cancellation, you will be subject to the restaurant's cancellation policy. Generally, same-day reservations that are not booked by GDA members are released back to restaurants at certain times of day that vary across restaurant policies. American Express and Resy make no representations or warranties regarding the availability of reservations, events, and/or experiences, which shall at all times be subject to availability and the discretion of the applicable restaurant. Please include any dietary restrictions, food allergies or requested accommodations in your Resy profile. American Express and Resy are not responsible for any dietary restrictions, allergies, or for not being able to accommodate such restrictions or allergies. There is no cost to you for booking services through GDA, although you are responsible for any purchases or fees you authorize to be charged to your Card account. GDA reservations and events are intended for personal use only and cannot be resold or used for commercial purposes. By participating in the GDA program, you are accepting these GDA terms and conditions, which are in addition to and do not replace the Resy Sites' Terms of Service. To be eligible for this benefit, your Card account must not be cancelled. The GDA benefit provided through Resy is intended solely for personal use by eligible American Express® Card Members. To maintain fairness and prevent abuse of this benefit, Resy reserves the right to investigate through reasonable means any account that is suspected of using the GDA benefit in a manner that violates these GDA terms and conditions or Resy Sites' Terms of Service (including, but not limited to, “Usage Guidelines” that are provided therein). If upon such review, Resy determines, based on its reasonable discretion, that any of the aforementioned terms have been violated, Resy and American Express reserves the right to enforce appropriate consequences, including suspension or termination of access to the GDA benefit, termination of your Resy profile, and/or termination of associated American Express Card products. In conducting such review, Resy reserves the right to verify an account's compliance with all applicable terms and conditions through reasonable means, which may include requesting additional documentation or evidence of Card ownership to confirm eligibility and appropriate usage.

Hertz President's Circle® Status
Basic Card Members with a Delta SkyMiles Reserve and Reserve Business American Express Card (each, an "Eligible Card Member") are eligible to receive complimentary Hertz President's Circle Status. To receive President's Circle Status, Eligible Card Members must have a U.S. Hertz Gold+ membership; if not a member already, Eligible Card Members may join directly through hertz.com/rentacar/member/enrollment/skinnyGold/fast. To receive the benefit, Eligible Card Members must add their U.S. Hertz Gold+ Account to the Delta SkyMiles Account associated with their Eligible Card through the "Other Loyalty Programs" page of the Eligible Card Member's SkyMiles Profile at delta.com/myprofile/loyalty-programs. Once the U.S. Hertz Gold+ Account is linked to the Eligible Card Member's SkyMiles Account, Eligible Card Members must enroll in the promotion to receive complimentary Hertz President's Circle Status on the "Promotions Details" page located at delta.com/hertz. All steps must be completed for an Eligible Card Member to receive complimentary Hertz President's Circle Status. Please allow up to 8 weeks for President's Circle Status to be reflected in your Hertz Gold+ member account. All Hertz Gold+ Membership and Rental Terms and Conditions apply, including the right to change, limit or modify the President's Circle Program or portions of the program at any time. The Hertz Gold+ program may be terminated by Hertz upon six months' notice to Members. Minimum age to join Hertz Gold+ is 21. All rentals are subject to all other Hertz requirements and terms and conditions of the Hertz rental agreement. For more information, call the number on the back of the Card. Hertz Gold+ is a registered trademark of Hertz System, Inc. Above Terms and Conditions are applicable to U.S. Gold+ members only. See Hertz Gold+ Membership full terms here: hertz.ca/rentacar/emember/rewards-legal/loyalty-terms-conditions.

Instant Card Number
Instant Card Number eligibility is based on our ability to instantly authenticate you. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receive an Instant Card Number that you may be able to use virtually anywhere American Express is accepted and a physical Card will not be required. In certain instances, you may not be able to use your Instant Card Number at a select merchant (for example, if the merchant requires your physical Card). You may not have access to your full credit line until after you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your physical Card within 5-7 business days of account approval.

Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee
Valid only for American Express Card Members. If you book a qualifying hotel rate on amextravel.com or the Amex Travel App™ and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults, the same rate type and cancellation policy at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. For prepaid reservations, your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. For verification of "pay later" hotel bookings, your claim must be submitted within thirty (30) days after you have completed the hotel stay, and the customer service representative may instruct you to mail a copy of your hotel receipt to American Express within that time period. American Express will honor the lower price for verified requests. The "Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee" policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, or (4) rates booked through the Fine Hotels + Resorts® and The Hotel Collection programs. Details

Medallion Status Upgrades
Medallion Complimentary Upgrades are subject to availability and may not be available on all flights or in all markets.

Miles on Eligible Purchases
1x Mile on eligible purchases: Basic Card Members will earn 1 mile for each dollar of eligible purchases charged on their Card or any Additional Cards on the Card Account.

3x Miles on Delta Purchases: Basic Card Members will earn 2 additional miles (for a total of 3 miles) on each dollar of eligible purchases on their Card or any Additional Cards on the Card Account charged directly with Delta where Delta is the merchant of record, such as purchases via delta.com, the Fly Delta app, phone reservations, or ticket counters, for upgrades, miles, seat selection, Delta Sky Club® membership, and in-flight purchases of food and beverages on Delta-operated flights ("Delta Purchases"). Delta Purchases do not include in-flight purchases where Delta is not the merchant of record, such as in-flight wireless internet access and charitable contributions. Delta Purchases do not include Delta Gift Cards and purchases made at deltashop.com and/or the Delta Flight Museum. Delta Purchases include Delta Vacations® packages but not other all-inclusive packages. Delta Purchases include new Delta Stays prepaid hotel or vacation rental bookings on the Delta Stays platform (delta.com/stays). Delta Purchases include purchases of qualifying Delta, Delta Connection® carrier and Delta Shuttle® flights taken with the purchase of a fare that is eligible for SkyMiles mileage credit. For purposes of this Card benefit, "Delta Purchases" also includes Delta Main Basic (Basic Economy) fares, notwithstanding that these fares do not earn SkyMiles mileage credit for travel. Full SkyMiles program terms: delta.com/memberguide. Additional miles earned for Delta flight purchases made with the Card will be based on the total ticket price, including base fare, carrier-imposed surcharges and government-imposed taxes and fees.

Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person transactions, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Miles will be posted to the Basic Card Member's Delta SkyMiles account 8 to 12 weeks after the end of each month. To be eligible to receive miles, the Card Account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment.

Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. We group certain merchant codes into categories that are eligible for additional miles. A purchase with a merchant will not receive additional miles if the merchant's code is not included in a reward category. Basic Card Members may not receive additional miles if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify the purchase as eligible for a reward category. For example, Basic Card Members may not receive additional miles when: a merchant uses a third-party to sell their products or services; or a merchant uses a third-party to process or submit the transaction to us (e.g., using mobile or wireless card readers); or Card Members choose to make a purchase using a third-party payment account or make a purchase using a mobile or digital wallet.

For questions about additional miles on a purchase, call the number on the back of the Card. Please visit americanexpress.com/rewards-info for more information about rewards.

No Foreign Transaction Fees
American Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.

Pay It Plan It®
Pay It®
Pay It® is only available in the American Express® App for your eligible Account. With the Pay It feature, you can make a payment equal to the amount of a billed purchase less than $100. Payments made with Pay It are not applied to that billed purchase but to your outstanding balance in accordance with how we apply payments.

Your Account is eligible for Pay It if you are a Basic Card Member or Additional Card Member of a Card account issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express that is not canceled, excluding Accounts that do not have either a Credit Limit or the Pay Over Time feature. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.

Plan It®
With Plan It®, you can create up to 10 active payment plans, each subject to a plan fee. The plan fee is a fixed finance charge that will be charged each month that the corresponding plan is active. You will be offered 1-3 plan duration options for the qualifying purchase. The plan duration options can vary based on a variety of factors such as the purchase amount, your Account history and your creditworthiness. If you are enrolled in an intro or promotional APR, you may see limited plan duration options during the intro or promotional period when you use Plan It on your Account. If you create a plan during an introductory or promotional APR period, your plan fee will be based on the introductory or promotional APR as long as the plan is created before 11:59pm MST on the last day of the introductory or promotional period.

To create a plan, select qualifying purchases of $100 or more and a plan duration. If you have a Card with a Credit Limit, you may also be able to select a qualifying amount of $100 or more and a plan duration. When creating a plan for purchases, you may select up to 10 qualifying purchases for each plan. Qualifying purchases will be identified in your American Express online Account and American Express App. Qualifying purchases (or a qualifying amount, if you have a Card with a Credit Limit) do not include purchases of cash or cash equivalents, balance transfers (if offered), purchases subject to Foreign Transaction Fees, or any fee owed to us, including Annual Membership fees. Unless you are creating a plan at checkout, please allow 2-3 days for your purchase to post to your Account. Once your purchase posts and is no longer pending, you can create a plan for that purchase.

Your ability to create plans will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, and your Credit Limit or Pay Over Time Limit, as applicable. The Pay Over Time Limit applies to the total of your Pay Over Time, Cash Advance, and Plan balances. You may not be able to create a plan if it would cause you to exceed your Pay Over Time Limit or cause your Plan balance to exceed 95% of your Account Total New Balance on your last billing statement. You will not be able to create plans if your Pay Over Time feature is suspended or your Account is canceled. You will also not be able to create plans if one or more of your American Express Accounts is enrolled in a payment program, has a payment that is returned unpaid, or is past due. The number and length of plan duration options offered to you, the number of active plans you can have at a time, and your ability to include multiple qualifying purchases in a single plan, will be at our discretion and will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, the purchase amount(s), and your Account history. After a plan is paid in full, it will be removed from your Account in the next billing period.

Plan It is available on Card Accounts issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express, excluding Accounts that do not have either a Credit Limit or the Pay Over Time feature. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Managers on the Account can create a plan. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded Cards or Account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.
Pay with Miles
Program is limited to Basic (not Additional) Card Members. New Card Members are eligible to use Pay with Miles upon receipt of their Card. Eligible only on Delta and Delta Connection® carrier-operated and ticketed flights booked at delta.com. Not available on other codeshare flights. Eligible flights for this program will be marked as Pay with Miles eligible. Miles redemptions must be in 5,000 mile increments, with a minimum of 5,000 miles for redemption, and the number of miles redeemed will be rounded up to the nearest 5,000 mile increment, as applicable. Use your Card to pay for the remaining ticket price when using Pay with Miles. Five thousand miles generally provides $50 of value. However, you may receive less value per mile if the cost of a ticket you choose to cover entirely with miles is not a multiple of $50. Qualifying Pay with Miles tickets will earn mileage, and will earn Medallion Qualification Dollars, for the portion of the base fare and carrier-imposed surcharges remaining that is paid in currency after miles are applied to the ticket total. Delta Main Basic (Basic Economy) fares do not earn miles or earn toward Medallion Status. Mileage redemption will be applied toward the base fare and carrier-imposed surcharges prior to being applied toward taxes and fees. Full terms: delta.com/memberguide. Pay with Miles tickets may not be combined with any other forms of mileage redemption, such as Award Travel tickets. Medallion Complimentary Upgrades on Pay with Miles tickets are subject to availability and may not be eligible on all flights. Except for tickets refunded under Delta's Risk Free Cancellation policy, miles redeemed with Pay with Miles cannot be re-deposited in the member's SkyMiles Account — even for fully refundable fares. Residual value for a changed or cancelled ticket will be issued as an e-certificate applicable to future Delta purchases. For additional terms, conditions, and restrictions, visit delta.com/paywithmiles.

Premium Global Assist® Hotline
While Premium Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members may be responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. Premium Global Assist Hotline may provide emergency medical transportation assistance at no cost if approved and coordinated by Premium Global Assist Hotline. For full Terms and Conditions call 1-800-345-AMEX or see americanexpress.com/GAterms.

Priority Boarding
Basic Delta SkyMiles® Gold or Gold Business, Delta SkyMiles® Platinum or Platinum Business, and Delta SkyMiles® Reserve or Reserve Business American Express Card Members ("Eligible Card Members") are entitled to receive Zone 5 Priority Boarding on Delta and Delta Connection carrier operated flights when the Eligible Card Member's SkyMiles number is included on the reservation. Benefit is limited to Basic Eligible Card Members (not Additional Card Members). Benefit is also available for passengers traveling in the same reservation as the Basic Card Member, up to a maximum of nine passengers per reservation. Zone 5 Priority Boarding will only be available on Delta and Delta Connection carrier operated flights. Delta does not offer Zone 5 Priority Boarding on Delta Shuttle® flights. New Eligible Card Members and Eligible Card Members who have upgraded from another Delta SkyMiles American Express Card will be eligible for the Priority Boarding benefit after receiving their Card from American Express. Boarding offerings are subject to change without notice. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply. See delta.com/amex for details.

Reserve MQD Boost
Effective January 1, 2024: Basic Card Members will earn one (1) Medallion Qualification Dollar (MQD) for each $10 of eligible purchases charged to their Delta SkyMiles® Reserve and Delta SkyMiles® Reserve Business American Express Card or any Additional Cards on the Card Account during a Qualification Year. MQDs earned during a Qualification Year are used to determine qualification for Medallion Status for the subsequent Medallion Year for the Basic Card Member. MQDs have no cash value and are not redeemable for Award Travel or other SkyMiles redemptions. MQDs are not transferrable or assignable to any other person and cannot be gifted to another SkyMiles member.

All Medallion Status Qualification and Medallion Benefits rules and policies apply and may be viewed at delta.com/medallion. MQDs will not extend or roll over from year to year, and MQD balance will be reset to zero on or about January 1 each calendar year. Medallion Status is calculated annually based on activity during a Qualification Year. A Qualification Year is from January 1 to December 31 of a given year. The close of the Qualification Year is December 31, without regard to the time of the year that the Card Account is opened. This means that for the first year of Card Membership, the Card Member's eligible purchase period for the MQD Benefit may be shorter than twelve months.

Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees, interest charges, cash advances, purchases of travelers' checks, person-to-person transactions, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. American Express relies on the transaction date submitted to us by the merchant, which may differ from the date you make a purchase, to determine whether the purchase counts toward the MQD threshold in that Qualification Year. This means that in some cases your purchases may not count toward the MQD threshold in the year in which you made the purchases. For example, if you make a purchase on December 31 and the merchant lists the transaction date as January 1 when they submit the transaction data to us, your purchase will be counted in the Qualification Year which began on that January 1. MQDs will be deducted from the MQD Balance (and may result in a negative MQD Balance) for any returns or other credits, and Delta reserves the right to adjust, remove, or suspend Medallion Status if you return, reverse or charge back eligible purchases in a way that reduces your MQD balance below the threshold of any Medallion Tier for the preceding Qualification Year. To receive the MQDs, your account must not be canceled or past due at the time the MQDs are posted to your account. If Delta and/or American Express determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this MQD Benefit in any way or that you intend to do so, Delta may not credit, Delta may freeze, or Delta may take away MQDs from your account or terminate your participation in the SkyMiles Program.

MQDs may take 8 to 12 weeks after the eligible transaction posts to the Card Account to be posted to the Basic Card Member's Delta SkyMiles account. Basic Card Members can confirm their MQD progress for a Qualification Year by logging into their SkyMiles account on delta.com or in the Fly Delta app.

Reserve MQD Headstart
Effective February 1, 2024: Basic Delta SkyMiles Reserve and Reserve Business American Express Card Members (each, an "Eligible Card"), will receive two thousand five hundred (2,500) Medallion Qualification Dollars (MQDs) which will be deposited into their SkyMiles account linked to an Eligible Card during each Qualification Year. Additional Card Members are not eligible.

Starting with the 2024 Qualification Year, MQDs will be deposited within 6 to 8 weeks after February 1 for existing Card Members. New Card Members and Card Members upgrading from another Delta SkyMiles American Express Card that is not eligible for the MQD Headstart benefit to an Eligible Card will be eligible for the MQD Headstart benefit. MQDs will be deposited within 6 to 8 weeks after an Eligible Card Account is opened, and thereafter every subsequent year within 6 to 8 weeks after February 1 while the Eligible Card Account is open; however, if a New Eligible Card Account is opened during November or December of a Qualification Year, MQDs will be applied to the Qualification Year in which the Card is opened. MQDs earned during a Qualification Year are used to determine qualification for Medallion Status for the subsequent Medallion Year for the Basic Card Member. MQDs have no cash value and are not redeemable for Award Travel or other SkyMiles redemptions. MQDs are not transferrable or assignable to any other person and cannot be gifted to another SkyMiles member.

All Medallion Status Qualification and Medallion Benefit rules and policies apply and may be viewed at delta.com/medallion. MQDs will not extend or roll over from year to year, and MQD balance will be reset to zero on or about January 1 each calendar year. Medallion Status is calculated annually based on activity during a Qualification Year. A Qualification Year is from January 1 to December 31 of a given year. The close of the Qualification Year is December 31, without regard to the time of the year that the Card Account is opened. Delta reserves the right to cancel, rescind, or void any MQDs or to cancel or downgrade Medallion Status (based on the adjusted number of MQDs earned) if the Card is cancelled or downgraded to a non-Eligible Card within 60 days after the date that MQDs are deposited or within 60 days after the Eligible Card renewal date. To receive the MQDs, your account must not be cancelled or past due at the time the MQDs are posted to your account. If Delta and/or American Express determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this MQD Headstart in any way or that you intend to do so, Delta may not credit, Delta may freeze, or Delta may take away MQDs from your account or terminate your participation in the SkyMiles Program.

Basic Card Members can confirm their MQD progress for a Qualification Year by logging into their SkyMiles account on delta.com or in the Fly Delta app. Regardless of the number of Eligible Cards a SkyMiles Member may hold, each SkyMiles Member may only receive one $2,500 MQD deposit per Eligible Card type each Medallion Qualification Year and is limited to a maximum of four deposits across all Eligible Cards each Medallion Qualification Year (for $10,000 MQDs total). Card Members who upgrade from an Eligible Platinum or Platinum Business Card to an Eligible Reserve or Reserve Business Card will not be awarded an additional $2,500 MQD deposit for the Reserve or Reserve Business Card, and Card Members who downgrade from an Eligible Reserve or Reserve Business Card to an Eligible Platinum or Platinum Business Card will not be awarded an additional $2,500 MQD deposit for the Platinum or Platinum Business Card.

Return Protection
Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.

Second Checked Bag Free
Benefit is limited to Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Delta SkyMiles® Gold or Gold Business, Delta SkyMiles® Platinum or Platinum Business, or Delta SkyMiles® Reserve or Reserve Business American Express Card (each, an "Eligible Card"). Reservation must include all traveling Basic Card Members' SkyMiles numbers; if a Basic Card Member's SkyMiles number is not provided at the time of booking, it must be added before check-in or bag payment to enjoy the benefit. This benefit is available once per Eligible Card per direction of travel on a qualifying itinerary. Fee waiver is also available for Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) holding an Eligible Card who are passengers traveling on the same reservation. Waiver is only for standard bag fee, if any, for a second checked bag that is not overweight and not oversize under Delta's applicable rules as set forth in Delta's contract of carriage. Additional checked bags beyond the second checked bag will be subject to the applicable baggage fees as outlined by Delta's rules and the terms of the purchased fare as set forth in Delta's contract of carriage. The second checked bag fee waiver will only be applied to tickets whose origin and destination are within the United States (U.S. 48, Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands) on a Delta or Delta Connection® carrier when you check-in with Delta for both a Delta-marketed and Delta-operated flight. Codeshare flights are not eligible. New Card Members and Card Members upgrading from another Delta SkyMiles Card product will be eligible for the second checked baggage fee waiver benefit after receiving their Card from American Express. Waiver is not available to passengers who are already receiving two or more checked bags free (for example, due to itinerary purchased, Medallion Status, or active-duty military status). Benefit terms and conditions are subject to change. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply.

Seller of Travel
American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. is acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers and is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. Certain suppliers pay us commission and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals and may provide incentives to our Travel Consultants. For more information visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms.

California CST#1022318; Washington UBI#600-469-694

Send & Split®
Send & Split® is only available in the American Express® App ("Amex App") to Card Members with an eligible Card. Eligible Cards are US-issued Basic Consumer Cards that are issued by American Express National Bank and are not cancelled. Prepaid Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards, American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions and American Express Cards issued outside of the United States are not eligible Cards. To use Send & Split, you must first have an email address on file, enroll in Send & Split® in your American Express Online Account ("Online Account") and open an Amex Send® stored balance account ("Send Account"). You must have or create an account with Venmo or PayPal and link your Online Account to your PayPal or Venmo account to use Send & Split. You must add money to your Send Account from your eligible Card(s) to use Send & Split to send a Venmo or PayPal recipient. The charge on your Card for an Add Money transaction does not earn rewards and is subject to the Card's purchase APR. There is no fee to send funds to US recipients. PayPal charges a fee to send funds to non-US recipients.

For complete details visit americanexpress.com/sendandsplitterms to view Terms & Conditions. Send Account issued by American Express National Bank, Member FDIC.

Shop Small® Map
Only qualifying American Express Card accepting small merchants will be featured on the map. Please note that business location and other information provided on the map may contain inaccuracies or errors, including as a result of information provided by third parties. The data on this map is constantly being updated, please continually check back for updates.

SkyMiles General
All SkyMiles program rules apply to SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption, and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Partner airline benefits are subject to change and subject to the terms and conditions of each partner. Partner offers are subject to the terms and conditions of each individual offer. Offers are void where prohibited by law. Offers are subject to change without notice. Other restrictions apply.

Spending Limits
When you request that we apply a limit as described below on Charges incurred by an Additional Card Member on your Account, you agree to these terms. These terms supplement, and are incorporated by reference into, the terms of your Card Member Agreement.

At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of Purchases, during each billing period, that are charged to Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of cash access transactions at ATMs, during each billing period, that are made using Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guarantee that the Additional Card Member will be able to make Purchases or cash access transactions up to the applicable limit. In applying any limit we will not take into account any credits (such as for returned merchandise or for payments), even if a credit relates to a Purchase made by the Additional Card Member. Any request that we change a limit may not be effective until a subsequent billing period. Any Charges (as defined below) incurred by the Additional Card Member prior to the date during a billing period that we apply the limit will not be subject to the limit for that billing period.

Because of systems or administrative considerations, arrangements with merchants, or for other business reasons, we may, but are not required to, treat some Purchases and/or cash access transactions (collectively, Charges) as not being subject to any such limits. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. While we typically require merchants to obtain an authorization for purchases and submit final transaction documentation for payment in a timely manner, a limit may not apply or may be exceeded when a merchant does not obtain an authorization for any reason; when a merchant obtains an authorization for a partial amount of the final charge submitted to us for payment; or when such submissions are not submitted or processed at the same time that the authorization is obtained. Examples may include, but are not limited to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in duty-free stores, or on board airplanes or cruise vessels; international airline ticket Purchases; vehicle rentals; lodging stays extended beyond original reservation period; certain mail order Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurring basis; Purchases at gas stations; telecommunications charges, including charges incurred with calling cards; taxicab charges; security deposits; late, damage or other fees in connection with rentals; Purchases billed in installments; restaurant tips and other gratuities; and Charges that occur before the end of billing period, if the Charge is posted to your Account after the Closing Date of that billing period. Any limit will not be applied to Charges for foreign currency or for travelers cheques or gift cheques obtained other than by telephone from us.

The Spending Limit for the Additional Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Limit is set on the Additional Card, spending capacity on this Card will be subject to the Basic Card Member's account terms and conditions.

TakeOff 15
Eligibility:
Basic Delta SkyMiles Gold, Platinum and Reserve American Express Card Members, as well as Basic Delta SkyMiles Gold, Platinum and Reserve Business American Express Card Members (each, an "Eligible Card"), can get at least a fifteen percent (15%) discount off the mileage portion of an Award Ticket (the "TakeOff 15" benefit). Additional Card Members are not eligible.

Available only if entire itinerary is on Delta and Delta Connection® carrier-operated and ticketed flights booked at delta.com or the FlyDelta app. Not available on flights operated by other carriers. Not available for Pay with Miles, Miles + Cash, seat upgrades purchased after the initial flight booking, or other Delta products or services. Discount only applies to the mileage portion of the Award Ticket fare and does not apply to applicable taxes and fees which must be paid using the Eligible Card. Card Member must be logged-in to a SkyMiles account linked to an Eligible Card to receive the TakeOff 15 benefit discount. Mileage discount will be greater than or equal to 15% of the overall miles portion for the Award Ticket. An Award Ticket is a ticket issued by Delta pursuant to the SkyMiles Program Rules, by which SkyMiles members may redeem miles and pay applicable government-imposed taxes and fees in exchange for air transportation. All Award Ticket rules apply, as set forth on delta.com and in the specific terms incorporated into your Award Ticket. Award Travel is defined as travel using an Award Ticket. Award Travel seats are limited and may not be available on all flights or in all markets.

SkyMiles account balance must have sufficient miles for the entire Award Ticket(s) being purchased. TakeOff 15 benefit is not combinable with certificates, Delta eCredits, Delta Gift Cards, vouchers, or with any other discounts or promotional offers.

Award Ticket Taxes/Fees:
Award Ticket taxes and fees include only U.S. excise and departure/arrival taxes, airport charges, segment fees, the September 11th Security Fee, and international taxes and fees normally included in the Award Ticket.

Award Ticket Cancellations and Changes:
In the event of a voluntary cancellation of the Award Ticket to which the TakeOff 15 benefit was applied, redeemed miles will be redeposited into the Card Member's SkyMiles account, except for Delta Main Basic (Basic Economy) tickets. Current Award Ticket redeposit fees apply. Delta Main Basic (Basic Economy) cancellations will result in cancellation charge assessed in miles, as outlined in fare rules. Remaining miles after deduction of the cancellation charge will be redeposited to Card Member's SkyMiles account. There is no discount applicable to the cancellation charge.

If changing an Award Ticket after ticketing, discount is applied to the new Award Ticket (if eligible), and the difference in miles will be deducted from the Card Member's SkyMiles account (if the new Award Ticket mileage amount is higher) or redeposited into the Card Member's SkyMiles account (if the new Award Ticket mileage amount is lower). Delta Main Basic (Basic Economy) tickets are not eligible for voluntary changes. SkyMiles Member must be an active Basic Delta SkyMiles Gold, Platinum or Reserve American Express Card Member or Basic Delta SkyMiles Gold, Platinum or Reserve Business American Express Card Member at time that the Award Ticket is changed to be eligible for the TakeOff 15 benefit on the changed Award Ticket.

Miscellaneous:
All SkyMiles Program rules apply to SkyMiles Program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption, and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit Program Rules. SkyMiles Program and offers are void where prohibited by law, and terms are subject to change without notice. Other restrictions apply.

Trip Cancellation and Interruption Insurance
Coverage is provided by New Hampshire Insurance Company, an AIG Company, at no-additional-cost to the Card Member. Coverage is subject to certain terms, conditions and limitations, including limitations on the amount of coverage. This benefit provides secondary coverage. For more information about the coverage, please see the Guide to Benefits at americanexpress.com/TCITerms.

Trip Delay Insurance
Coverage is provided by New Hampshire Insurance Company, an AIG Company, at no-additional-cost to the Card Member. Coverage is subject to certain terms, conditions and limitations, including limitations on the amount of coverage. This benefit provides secondary coverage. For more information about the coverage, please see the Guide to Benefits at americanexpress.com/TDTerms.

Upgrade Priority
Delta SkyMiles® Reserve and Reserve Business American Express Basic Card Members have access to Upgrade Priority within the Delta SkyMiles Complimentary Upgrade Program. Eligible Card Members who are SkyMiles Medallion Members have priority over other passengers with the same (1) Medallion tier; (2) product class (e.g., Delta Main, Delta Comfort, Delta First, etc.); (3) fare experience (i.e., Basic, Classic, Extra); and (4) Million Miler milestone. Upgrade Priority does not apply to the Airport Paid Standby Program, Regional or Global Upgrade Certificates, and Mileage Award Upgrades. To review the rules, including how to adjust upgrade preference settings within your SkyMiles account, please see https://www.delta.com/us/en/skymiles/medallion-program/medallion-upgrades.

Year-End Summary
The Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.

AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURES
For important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguide

Baggage Insurance Plan
Baggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions.  For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms. If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.

Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance
Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms. If You have any questions about a specific vehicle, please call Us at 1-800-338-1670, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.

Extended Warranty
Extended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions.  For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms. If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.

Purchase Protection
Purchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions.  For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms. If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.