IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATION
INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGES
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

19.49% to 28.49%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening.

This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

28.74%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

Penalty APR and When it Applies

29.99%

This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

We have the right to apply the Penalty APR to new transactions if:

1) you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due by the Payment Due Date; or

2) your payment is returned by your bank.

and we will notify you if we do.

How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for at least 6 months. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR is applied. The Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.

Paying Interest

Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your entire balance (or if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) by the due date. We will begin charging interest on cash advances on the transaction date.

Plan Fee (Fixed Finance Charge)

A monthly fee up to 1.33% of each purchase or amount moved into a plan based on the plan duration, the APR that would otherwise apply to the purchase and other factors.

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

Fees
Annual Fee
$0 intro annual fee for the first year, then $150

Transaction Fees	
Cash Advance	Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Foreign Transaction	None
Penalty Fees	
Late Payment	Up to $40.
Returned Payment	Up to $40.
Overlimit	None

How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance method (including new purchases)."

Variable APRs will not exceed 29.99%.

Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. If The Wall Street Journal does not publish the Prime Rate on that day, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If The Wall Street Journal is no longer published or stops publishing the Prime Rate, we may use the Prime Rate published in another newspaper of general circulation. If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs (and corresponding DPRs) will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and may have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period during which the Prime Rate has changed. Variable APRs are accurate as of 07/03/26.


TERMS AND CONDITIONS

View the full Card Member Agreement.


By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account in your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents.

You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it.

When you use your Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to the account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. We may change the Card Member Agreement subject to applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competitive environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cannot change certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership.

Additional Cards (including Companion Cards, if available):
Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement, must be at least 13 years of age and never had a default account with American Express. Additional Card Member may not be the same individual as the Basic Card Member or as another Additional Card Member on the same account. You are responsible for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to give Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it with them.

Cash advance at ATMs:
We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.

Brand Trademarks
The trademarks Delta, SkyMiles, and the Delta logo are exclusive property of Delta Air Lines, Inc. The trademarks are registered, or registrations are applied for, in countries of the world served by Delta. ©2026. All SkyMiles program rules apply to SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Offers void where prohibited by law. Offers are subject to change without notice. Other restrictions apply.

USA PATRIOT Act Notice:
Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.

Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents:
No provision of any marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wisconsin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, prior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agreement or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decree.

New York Residents:
New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Department of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov

Notice to California Residents:
An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.

Notice to Delaware Residents:
Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.

Notice to Oregon Residents:
Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time.

Notice to Ohio Residents:
The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.




The Delta SkyMiles® Gold American Express Card is issued by American Express National Bank. ©2026 American Express National Bank.
POID KBDM:9909

OFFER TERMS
You may not be eligible to receive a welcome offer if you have or have had this Card, the Delta SkyMiles® Platinum American Express Card, the Delta SkyMiles® Reserve American Express Card or previous versions of these Cards. You also may not be eligible to receive a welcome offer based on various factors, such as your history with credit card balance transfers, your history as an American Express Card Member, the number of credit cards that you have opened and closed and other factors. If you are not eligible for a welcome offer, we will notify you prior to processing your application so you have the option to withdraw your application.

Earn up to 90,000 Bonus Miles
To qualify for the 70,000 bonus miles, you must make eligible purchases with your Delta SkyMiles® Gold American Express Card that total $3,000 or more within your first 6 months of Card Membership starting from the date that your account is opened. If you qualify for the first 70,000 bonus miles, you can earn an additional 20,000 bonus miles (for a total of 90,000 bonus miles), after you use your Card to make an additional $2,000 in eligible purchases (for a total of $5,000 in purchases) by the end of your first 6 months of Card Membership, starting from the date that your account is opened. Miles will be credited to your account 8-12 weeks after you meet each spend requirement. Eligible purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Card account. Eligible purchases to meet the spend requirement do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of any cash equivalents. Additional Card Members on your account are not eligible for this offer. To earn the 90,000 bonus miles, your Card must not be cancelled or past due at the time of fulfillment.

Your period to spend $3,000 may be shorter than 6 months, and your period to spend $2,000 may be shorter than 6 months, depending on when you receive your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 6 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). Bonus miles will be credited to your account 8-12 weeks after you meet each spend requirement. In rare circumstances, you may need to pay down your balance during the billing cycle to help free up your available credit to make purchases to meet the eligible purchase requirements. It may take a few days after payment for your available credit to be updated.

Offers may vary and you may see different offers in different advertisements. To take advantage of this specific offer, apply through this advertisement. This offer is not transferable. Offer ends 07/15/2026 at 11:59pm MST. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke this offer at any time.

If we determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this offer in any way or that you intend to do so, including if you return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount, we may not credit, we may freeze, or we may take away the bonus miles from your Card Account. We may also cancel any Card Accounts you have with us.
Annual Fee
The introductory annual fee for the Delta SkyMiles® Gold American Express Card will be $0 for the first year of Card Membership. After that, the annual fee will be $150.
BENEFIT TERMS
The following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.

$200 Delta Flight Credit
If, in any calendar year, eligible purchases on the Delta SkyMiles Gold or Gold Business American Express Card Account total $10,000 or more (the "Purchase Requirement"), the Basic Card Member will receive a $200 Delta eCredit (the "Credit") in their SkyMiles account that can be used toward a Delta flight purchase. Delta flight purchases are limited to purchases of Delta-marketed flights made on delta.com or with Delta Reservations. The Credit may also be applied toward the Delta airfare portion of a Delta Vacations package. The Credit will be issued as a Delta eCredit, which will be available in "My Profile" on delta.com under "Certificates, eCredits, and Vouchers." To use the Credit, refer to the certificate number, redemption code, and redemption instructions that will be sent to the email address listed on your Delta SkyMiles account. The Credit is only valid for payment of tickets, including fare, surcharge and government-imposed taxes and fees imposed on ticket purchases. It is not valid for other types of fees (including bag fees, change fees, upgrades or other ancillary purchases or fees with Delta), and it does not have any cash value. The Credit expires within one year from the date of issuance and must be redeemed on or before the expiration date. If the value of the Credit is greater than the flight purchased, the Card Member will be able to use the residual value in another transaction before the expiration date. Visit delta.com/redeem for more information about redemption options. Limit one Credit per calendar year per Card Account. Please allow 6-8 weeks after reaching the Purchase Requirement for the Credit to be issued. On rare occasions (for example, when the name on your SkyMiles account doesn't match the name on your Amex account), the timing of the deposit could be delayed. If the Card Account is cancelled or past due at the time of Credit issuance, it may not qualify to receive the Credit. If you have transferred to a different Card after reaching the Purchase Requirement and before the time of Credit issuance, you may not receive the Credit. The Credit is non-transferable from one Delta SkyMiles Member's account to another but can be applied towards someone else's ticket without limitation. The Credit may be combined with up to 2 other Delta eCredits. If the Basic Card Member transfers from a different Delta SkyMiles Card product to the Delta SkyMiles Gold Card, any eligible purchases made on the prior Card Account during the calendar year will count toward the Purchase Requirement, after the first transaction on the new Card Account. The Credit may be redeemed for Delta flights purchased in currencies other than United States Dollars and will be converted to the currency of the country of payment at the Bankers Rate of Exchange in effect on the date of ticket issuance, and the rate of exchange must be indicated on the ticket.

The benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member; however, eligible purchases made by Additional Card Members will contribute to the Purchase Requirement. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person transactions, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. American Express relies on merchants' processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in a merchant submitting a transaction to us or if a merchant uses another date as the transaction date, then your purchase may not count toward the Purchase Requirement in the calendar year in which you made the purchase. For example, if you make a purchase on December 31 but the merchant processes the transaction such that it is identified to us as occurring on January 1, your purchase will count toward the Purchase Requirement in the calendar year which began on that January 1. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions apply. See delta.com/amexflightcreditterms for details.

20% Back on In-Flight Purchases
Delta SkyMiles® Blue, Delta SkyMiles® Gold and Gold Business, Delta SkyMiles® Platinum and Platinum Business, and Delta SkyMiles® Reserve and Reserve Business American Express Basic Card Members will receive a 20% savings in the form of a statement credit on eligible pre-purchased meals, and in-flight purchases of food and beverages on Delta-operated flights charged to their Card Account. Purchases by both the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on the Card Account are eligible for statement credits. Basic Card Members will not receive a statement credit for any other in-flight purchases, such as in-flight wireless internet access, purchases through the Delta Sync in-flight wireless internet portal, associated services, and charitable contributions. To receive the statement credit, Card Members must use their Delta SkyMiles American Express Card to complete the in-flight purchase. Please allow 6-8 weeks after an eligible transaction is charged to the Card Account for the statement credit to be posted to the Account.

American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date then your purchase may not earn a statement credit in the billing cycle in which you made the purchase. American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify eligible purchases. If American Express does not receive information that identifies the transaction as an eligible purchase, the Basic Card Member will not receive the statement credit. Only one statement credit per transaction will be issued. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive statement credit.

If the Card Account is canceled or past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you.

Additional terms, conditions, and restrictions may apply. See http://delta.com/amex for details.

Account Manager
Account Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.

Adding an Additional Card Member
Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. They must be at least 13 years of age and never had a defaulted account with American Express. Additional Card Member may not be the same individual as the Basic Card Member or as another Additional Card Member on the same account. You are responsible for the activity and use of your Account by Additional Card Members. You must pay for all charges they make.

American Express Venue Collection™
The American Express Venue Collection provides American Express® Card Members with a Consumer or Business American Express Card issued by American Express in the US with access to a set of benefits at stadiums and arenas for select events. American Express cards issued by third-party financial institutions, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Debit Cards, and American Express Prepaid Cards are not eligible. All benefits are subject to specific terms & conditions. Some benefits will be fulfilled by the venue and are subject to terms & conditions set by the venue, as applicable. Benefits cannot be redeemed for cash, transferred, or substituted. Void where prohibited by law. For more information, including specific benefit terms & conditions and venues included as part of the collection, please visit americanexpress.com/venues.

American Express Venue Collection™ Concessions Statement Credit
Eligible Card Members can earn 10% back (up to $250) in statement credits per calendar year after using their enrolled Card to make qualifying food and beverage concessions purchases at stadiums and arenas in the American Express Venue Collection™. Limit one enrolled Card per Card Member. Offer ends 12/31/2026.

By enrolling in this offer, you agree to these terms and the Amex Offers™ Program Terms.

Eligibility and Enrollment​

Eligible Card Members must first add offer to Card and then use that same enrolled Card to make qualifying purchases. Only Consumer and Business American Express Cards issued by American Express in the US are eligible for this offer. American Express Prepaid Cards, Corporate Cards, Debit Cards, and American Express-branded Cards issued by other financial institutions are not eligible for this offer. Additional Cards on an eligible Card account are also eligible to enroll in this offer; however, any rewards or credits earned will be applied to the Basic Card Member's account. Each eligible Card must enroll separately in this offer and must individually make a qualifying purchase to earn a statement credit.

Limit one enrollment per Card Member regardless of whether a Card Member has more than one eligible Card. Offers are non-transferable. Card Members must select one eligible Card to enroll and enrollment of an eligible Card in this offer extends only to that Card.

Limit of $250 back in total statement credits on that enrolled Card each calendar year. Offer ends December 31, 2026.

Qualifying Purchases

Offer only valid on qualifying food and beverage concessions purchases at participating stadiums and arenas in the American Express Venue Collection™ ("Participating Venues"). Participating Venues and qualifying purchases are subject to change, and an up-to-date list can be found at go.amex/venue-concessions-us. Please review this list prior to making a purchase at a Participating Venue. Qualifying Purchases must be made during the offer period with your enrolled American Express Card and in an amount totaling at least $0.01 USD as posted to your account, following conversion from a foreign currency, if applicable, in accordance with your Card Member Agreement.

Offer not valid on purchases made using third parties, such as resellers, delivery services, or other intermediaries.

Statement Credit

If you meet the offer requirements, the statement credit(s) will typically post to your account within 30 days after you make a qualifying purchase, provided that American Express receives information from the merchant about your qualifying purchase. In some circumstances, it may take up to 90 days after the qualifying purchase for statement credit(s) to post. Please call the number on the back of your Card with any questions about this offer, including questions regarding enrollment or qualifying purchases, or if credit(s) have not posted to your account 30 days after you made the qualifying purchase. Accounts that are canceled at the time of fulfillment of the offer will not receive the credit(s). Credit(s) may not be received or may be reversed if an eligible purchase is returned, partially returned, refunded, canceled or modified. The 10% back in the form of statement credit(s), up to $250 in total statement credits per calendar year, is calculated based off the total amount of a qualifying purchase made in US dollars or following conversion to US dollars from a foreign currency, if applicable.

American Express Venue Collection™ Entrances and Fast Lanes
American Express Card Member entrances and/or fast lanes are available at venues in the American Express Venue Collection. Card Member entrances and fast lanes may not be available for all events; hours of availability may vary and are subject to change. Entrances and fast lanes may be modified or discontinued at any time and without notice. Card Members must have a valid ticket to the event and can access the Card Member entrance or fast lane by presenting a valid American Express Card in the Card Member's name. The number of guests that may accompany a Card Member through a Card Member entrance of fast lane may vary by venue. Additional terms may apply by venue and by event (including, without limitation, security protocols). American Express does not operate the Card Member entrances or fast lanes; the applicable venue operates the entrance. Venue personnel reserve the right to not allow Card Members and their guests admittance through the Card Member entrance or fast lane for any reason, including, without limitation, not adhering to security protocols. To learn more about a specific venue, please visit americanexpress.com/venues.

American Express® App
The American Express® App and app features are available only for eligible accounts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible.

To log in, customers must have an American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.

Amex Offers
To redeem an Amex Offer®, eligible Card Members must first enroll in the offer through their online account or in the American Express® App and then use their enrolled Card to make a qualifying purchase. Only U.S.-issued American Express Consumer and Business Cards may be eligible to participate. Card Members can check their eligibility by visiting the Amex Offers section of their online account. American Express, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to determine eligibility for the Amex Offers program and may revoke access or enrollment if we determine that you have engaged, or are likely to engage, in abuse, misuse, or gaming of the program. Please review the terms of each offer for details on how to redeem. By enrolling in an offer, you agree that American Express may use your transaction and personal information to administer the offer, communicate with you about it, and facilitate your experience in accordance with the American Express Privacy Statement. You also consent to receiving electronic communications from American Express, including email, app notifications, and other digital messages, related to your enrolled offers and the Amex Offers program.

By enrolling in an offer, you agree to the individual offer terms and Program Terms. See individual offer terms below, and full Program Terms.

Amex Presale Tickets®
American Express® Card Members have access to purchase Amex Presale Tickets® for select events and select seats, during a specified period prior to the general on-sale dates for those events. Tickets must be purchased using an American Express Card. An American Express Prepaid Card cannot be used to purchase tickets. Amex Presale Tickets® are sold by and fulfilled by third party ticket sellers (not American Express), and such tickets are subject to the rules, terms and conditions, prices and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue. Amex Presale Tickets® are subject to availability and supply may be limited. Not all seats may be offered; purchase limits and blackout dates may apply. Refunds, exchanges, and resale may be prohibited by the ticket seller. For more information, please visit americanexpress.com/entertainment.

Amex Reserved Tickets®
American Express® Card Members have access to purchase Amex Reserved Tickets® for select events and select seats, during a specified period. Tickets must be purchased using an American Express Card. An American Express Prepaid Card cannot be used to purchase tickets. Amex Reserved Tickets® are sold by and fulfilled by third-party ticket sellers (not American Express), and such tickets are subject to the rules, terms and conditions, prices and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue. Amex Reserved Tickets® are subject to availability and supply may be limited. Not all seats may be offered; purchase limits and blackout dates may apply. Refunds, exchanges, and resale may be prohibited by the ticket seller. For more information, please visit americanexpress.com/entertainment.

Award Travel
Taxes and fees for Award Travel are the responsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the time the ticket is booked. Award Travel seats are limited and may not be available on all flights or in all markets.

Brand Trademarks
©2026 The trademarks Delta, SkyMiles, and the Delta logo are exclusive property of Delta Air Lines, Inc., or its affiliates, unless otherwise noted.

Delta Gold $100 Delta Stays Credit
Basic Delta SkyMiles® Gold American Express Card Members can earn up to $100 in statement credits per calendar year when a Basic Card or an Additional Card on the Account is used to pay for a new Delta Stays prepaid hotel or vacation rental booking on the Delta Stays platform (delta.com/stays) (each, an "Eligible Delta Stays Booking").

Purchases by both the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on the Card Account are eligible for statement credits. However, the total amount of statement credits for Eligible Delta Stays Bookings will not exceed $100 on the Card Account per calendar year. Eligible Delta Stays Booking does not include interest charges, cancellation fees, property fees, resort fees, or other similar fees, or any charges by a property to you (whether for your booking, your stay or otherwise). Please allow 6-8 weeks after an Eligible Delta Stays Booking is charged to your Card for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. Call the number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted by that time, or for additional information. American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date then your purchase may not earn the statement credit benefit for the benefit period in which you made the purchase. For example, if an Eligible Delta Stays Booking is purchased on December 31st but the merchant processes the transaction such that it is identified to us as occurring on January 1st, the January statement credit would be applied if available. American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify an Eligible Delta Stays Booking. If American Express does not receive the information that identifies your transaction as eligible for this benefit, the Basic Card Member will not receive the statement credit. Basic Card Members may not receive the statement credit if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify your purchase as eligible, if a transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party (such as an app store), or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it. For additional information on Delta Stays, visit delta.com/stays. The Delta Stays program is subject to change, and American Express has no control over those changes. Bookings through Delta Vacations and products other than prepaid hotels and vacation rentals booked through Delta Stays will not qualify for statement credits. Statement credit(s) may not be received or may be reversed if the Eligible Delta Stays Booking is refunded, cancelled, or modified. If the Card Account is cancelled or past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. Prepaid hotels and vacation rentals available through the Delta Stays platform are subject to change. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide and may reverse any statement credits provided to you.

Delta Gold $120 Rideshare Credit
Enrollment through American Express is required to receive this benefit and is available starting 12 months from the date the Card Account is opened. Only Basic Card Members or Authorized Account Manager(s) on a Delta SkyMiles® Gold and Gold Business American Express Card (each, an "Eligible Card") can enroll in the benefit in the Benefits section of their americanexpress.com online account or by calling the number on the back of their Eligible Card. Please note, enrollment may take up to 24 hours to take effect on your Eligible Card. Enrolled Basic Card Members can earn up to $10 in statement credits per month each year when the Basic Card or Additional Cards on the enrolled Eligible Card Account are used to make eligible purchases in the U.S. with the following rideshare services: Uber, Lyft, Curb, and Alto, which are subject to change. Delta SkyMiles® Gold Card Members who transfer from a Delta SkyMiles® Platinum or Reserve Card are eligible immediately and are not subject to the 12 month requirement. Eligible purchases can be made by both the enrolled Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on the enrolled Eligible Card Account. However, the total amount of statement credits for eligible purchases will not exceed $10 per month (for a total of $120 in statement credits per calendar year) per enrolled Eligible Card Account.

Eligible purchases are for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person transactions, or purchases of any other cash equivalents. Eligible purchases do not include delivery services (for example, food, packages, groceries, pet food, toys or retail clothing), bikeshare, scooter, car rental, transit, membership or subscription, or any other non-rideshare services offered by the rideshare providers. Please allow up to 8 weeks after an eligible purchase is charged to the enrolled Eligible Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Eligible Card Account. Please call the number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted after 8 weeks from the date of purchase. American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date then your purchase may not earn the statement credit benefit for the benefit period in which you made the purchase. For example, if an eligible purchase is made on December 31st but the merchant processes the transaction such that it is identified to us as occurring on January 1st, the January statement credit would be applied. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive the statement credit. Statement credits may not be received or may be reversed if the eligible purchase is cancelled, refunded or modified.

American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify eligible purchases. If American Express does not receive information that identifies the transaction as an eligible purchase, the Basic Card Member will not receive the statement credit. Basic Card Members may not receive the statement credit if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify your purchase as eligible, if the transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party (such as an app store), or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it.

To be eligible for this benefit, the Eligible Card Account must not be cancelled or past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you. If your Eligible Card is enrolled in the benefit and you replace your Eligible Card, please check the Benefits section of your americanexpress.com account, mobile app or call the number on the back of your Eligible Card to confirm your continued enrollment in the benefit.

Delta No Blackout Dates
Although blackout dates have been eliminated on Delta flights, blackout dates may apply on partner flights and are defined by individual partner carriers.

Destination Family
Benefits are valid for new bookings of eligible cruises or tour packages made through American Express Travel with participating travel providers using an eligible U.S. Consumer, Business, Corporate American Express® Card. Payment must be made with the eligible Card, and that Card Member must travel on the itinerary booked. Benefits may not be available to residents outside the 50 United States. Benefits apply per booking, not per traveler and cannot be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates may apply. Participating travel providers and benefits are subject to change and vary by travel provider. Benefits are non-transferable, subject to availability, and cannot be redeemed for cash, cash-equivalents, or credit.

Dispute Resolution
Not all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.

First Checked Bag Free
Benefit is limited to Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Delta SkyMiles® Gold or Gold Business, Delta SkyMiles® Platinum or Platinum Business, or Delta SkyMiles® Reserve or Reserve Business American Express Card. Reservation must include the Basic Card Member's SkyMiles number. Fee waiver also available for passengers traveling on the same reservation as the Basic Card Member. Maximum nine waivers per reservation. Waiver is only for standard bag fee, if any, for the first checked bag that is not overweight and not oversize under Delta's applicable rules as set forth in Delta's contract of carriage. Additional checked bags will be subject to the applicable baggage fees as outlined by Delta's rules and the purchased fare as set forth in Delta's contract of carriage. The first checked bag fee waiver will only be applied on flight segments which originate on a Delta or Delta Connection® carrier when you check-in with Delta for both a Delta marketed and Delta operated flight. Codeshare flights are not eligible. New Card Members and Card Members upgrading from another Delta SkyMiles Card product will be eligible for the checked baggage fee waiver benefit after receiving their Card from American Express. Waiver is not available to passengers who are already receiving one or more checked bags free (for example, due to itinerary purchased, Medallion Status, or active duty military status). Offer terms and conditions subject to change. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply. See delta.com/firstbagfree for details.

Global Assist® Hotline
While Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.

Instant Card Number
Instant Card Number eligibility is based on our ability to instantly authenticate you. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receive an Instant Card Number that you may be able to use virtually anywhere American Express is accepted and a physical Card will not be required. In certain instances, you may not be able to use your Instant Card Number at a select merchant (for example, if the merchant requires your physical Card). You may not have access to your full credit line until after you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your physical Card within 5-7 business days of account approval.

Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee
Valid only for American Express Card Members. If you book a qualifying hotel rate on amextravel.com or the Amex Travel App™ and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults, the same rate type and cancellation policy at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. For prepaid reservations, your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. For verification of "pay later" hotel bookings, your claim must be submitted within thirty (30) days after you have completed the hotel stay, and the customer service representative may instruct you to mail a copy of your hotel receipt to American Express within that time period. American Express will honor the lower price for verified requests. The "Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee" policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, or (4) rates booked through the Fine Hotels + Resorts® and The Hotel Collection programs. Details

Medallion Status Upgrades
Medallion Complimentary Upgrades are subject to availability and may not be available on all flights or in all markets.

Miles on Eligible Purchases
1x Mile on eligible purchases: Basic Card Members will earn 1 mile for each dollar of eligible purchases charged on their Card or any Additional Cards on the Card Account.

2x Miles at U.S. Supermarkets: Basic Card Members will earn 1 additional mile (for a total of 2 miles) for each dollar of eligible purchases on their Card or any Additional Cards on the Card Account charged at supermarkets located in the United States. Superstores, convenience stores, warehouse clubs, and meal-kit delivery services are not considered supermarkets.

2x Miles at Restaurants: Basic Card Members will earn 1 additional mile (for a total of 2 miles) for each dollar of eligible purchases on their Card or any Additional Cards on the Card Account charged at restaurants worldwide. Basic Card Members may not get additional miles for purchases at a restaurant located within another establishment (e.g., a restaurant located inside a hotel, casino, or event venue) or for purchases made through third-party food delivery services outside of the U.S. For example, purchases made at a restaurant located within a hotel may be recognized as a purchase at a hotel, not a restaurant. Basic Card Members will not earn additional miles for purchases at bars, nightclubs, cafeterias, and convenience stores.

2x Miles on Delta Purchases: Basic Card Members will earn 1 additional mile (for a total of 2 miles) on each dollar of eligible purchases on their Card or any Additional Cards on the Card Account charged directly with Delta where Delta is the merchant of record, such as purchases via delta.com, the Fly Delta app, phone reservations, or ticket counters, for upgrades, miles, seat selection, Delta Sky Club® membership, and in-flight purchases of food and beverages on Delta-operated flights ("Delta Purchases"). Delta Purchases do not include in-flight purchases where Delta is not the merchant of record, such as in-flight wireless internet access and charitable contributions. Delta Purchases do not include Delta Gift Cards and purchases made at deltashop.com and/or the Delta Flight Museum. Delta Purchases include Delta Vacations® packages but not other all-inclusive packages. Delta purchases include new Delta Stays prepaid hotel or vacation rental bookings on the Delta Stays platform (delta.com/stays). Delta Purchases include purchases of qualifying Delta, Delta Connection® carrier and Delta Shuttle® flights taken with the purchase of a fare that is eligible for SkyMiles mileage credit. For purposes of this Card benefit, "Delta Purchases" also includes Delta Main Basic (Basic Economy) fares, notwithstanding that these fares do not earn SkyMiles mileage credit for travel. Full SkyMiles program terms: delta.com/memberguide. Additional miles earned for Delta flight purchases made with the Card will be based on the total ticket price, including base fare, carrier-imposed surcharges and government-imposed taxes and fees.

Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person transactions, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Miles will be posted to the Basic Card Member's Delta SkyMiles account 8 to 12 weeks after the end of each month. To be eligible to receive miles, the Card Account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment.

Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. We group certain merchant codes into categories that are eligible for additional miles. A purchase with a merchant will not receive additional miles if the merchant's code is not included in a reward category. Basic Card Members may not receive additional miles if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify the purchase as eligible for a reward category. For example, Basic Card Members may not receive additional miles when: a merchant uses a third-party to sell their products or services; or a merchant uses a third-party to process or submit the transaction to us (e.g., using mobile or wireless card readers); or the Card Members choose to make a purchase using a third-party payment account or make a purchase using a mobile or digital wallet.

For questions about additional miles on a purchase, call the number on the back of the Card. Please visit americanexpress.com/rewards-info for more information about rewards.

No Foreign Transaction Fees
American Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.

Pay It Plan It®
Pay It®
Pay It® is only available in the American Express® App for your eligible Account. With the Pay It feature, you can make a payment equal to the amount of a billed purchase less than $100. Payments made with Pay It are not applied to that billed purchase but to your outstanding balance in accordance with how we apply payments.

Your Account is eligible for Pay It if you are a Basic Card Member or Additional Card Member of a Card account issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express that is not canceled, excluding Accounts that do not have either a Credit Limit or the Pay Over Time feature. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.

Plan It®
With Plan It®, you can create up to 10 active payment plans, each subject to a plan fee. The plan fee is a fixed finance charge that will be charged each month that the corresponding plan is active. You will be offered 1-3 plan duration options for the qualifying purchase. The plan duration options can vary based on a variety of factors such as the purchase amount, your Account history and your creditworthiness. If you are enrolled in an intro or promotional APR, you may see limited plan duration options during the intro or promotional period when you use Plan It on your Account. If you create a plan during an introductory or promotional APR period, your plan fee will be based on the introductory or promotional APR as long as the plan is created before 11:59pm MST on the last day of the introductory or promotional period.

To create a plan, select qualifying purchases of $100 or more and a plan duration. If you have a Card with a Credit Limit, you may also be able to select a qualifying amount of $100 or more and a plan duration. When creating a plan for purchases, you may select up to 10 qualifying purchases for each plan. Qualifying purchases will be identified in your American Express online Account and American Express App. Qualifying purchases (or a qualifying amount, if you have a Card with a Credit Limit) do not include purchases of cash or cash equivalents, balance transfers (if offered), purchases subject to Foreign Transaction Fees, or any fee owed to us, including Annual Membership fees. Unless you are creating a plan at checkout, please allow 2-3 days for your purchase to post to your Account. Once your purchase posts and is no longer pending, you can create a plan for that purchase.

Your ability to create plans will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, and your Credit Limit or Pay Over Time Limit, as applicable. The Pay Over Time Limit applies to the total of your Pay Over Time, Cash Advance, and Plan balances. You may not be able to create a plan if it would cause you to exceed your Pay Over Time Limit or cause your Plan balance to exceed 95% of your Account Total New Balance on your last billing statement. You will not be able to create plans if your Pay Over Time feature is suspended or your Account is canceled. You will also not be able to create plans if one or more of your American Express Accounts is enrolled in a payment program, has a payment that is returned unpaid, or is past due. The number and length of plan duration options offered to you, the number of active plans you can have at a time, and your ability to include multiple qualifying purchases in a single plan, will be at our discretion and will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, the purchase amount(s), and your Account history. After a plan is paid in full, it will be removed from your Account in the next billing period.

Plan It is available on Card Accounts issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express, excluding Accounts that do not have either a Credit Limit or the Pay Over Time feature. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Managers on the Account can create a plan. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded Cards or Account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.
Pay with Miles
Program is limited to Basic (not Additional) Card Members. New Card Members are eligible to use Pay with Miles upon receipt of their Card. Eligible only on Delta and Delta Connection® carrier-operated and ticketed flights booked at delta.com. Not available on other codeshare flights. Eligible flights for this program will be marked as Pay with Miles eligible. Miles redemptions must be in 5,000 mile increments, with a minimum of 5,000 miles for redemption, and the number of miles redeemed will be rounded up to the nearest 5,000 mile increment, as applicable. Use your Card to pay for the remaining ticket price when using Pay with Miles. Five thousand miles generally provides $50 of value. However, you may receive less value per mile if the cost of a ticket you choose to cover entirely with miles is not a multiple of $50. Qualifying Pay with Miles tickets will earn mileage, and will earn Medallion Qualification Dollars, for the portion of the base fare and carrier-imposed surcharges remaining that is paid in currency after miles are applied to the ticket total. Delta Main Basic (Basic Economy) fares do not earn miles or earn toward Medallion Status. Mileage redemption will be applied toward the base fare and carrier-imposed surcharges prior to being applied toward taxes and fees. Full terms: delta.com/memberguide. Pay with Miles tickets may not be combined with any other forms of mileage redemption, such as Award Travel tickets. Medallion Complimentary Upgrades on Pay with Miles tickets are subject to availability and may not be eligible on all flights. Except for tickets refunded under Delta's Risk Free Cancellation policy, miles redeemed with Pay with Miles cannot be re-deposited in the member's SkyMiles Account — even for fully refundable fares. Residual value for a changed or cancelled ticket will be issued as an e-certificate applicable to future Delta purchases. For additional terms, conditions, and restrictions, visit delta.com/paywithmiles.

Priority Boarding
Basic Delta SkyMiles® Gold or Gold Business, Delta SkyMiles® Platinum or Platinum Business, and Delta SkyMiles® Reserve or Reserve Business American Express Card Members ("Eligible Card Members") are entitled to receive Zone 5 Priority Boarding on Delta and Delta Connection carrier operated flights when the Eligible Card Member's SkyMiles number is included on the reservation. Benefit is limited to Basic Eligible Card Members (not Additional Card Members). Benefit is also available for passengers traveling in the same reservation as the Basic Card Member, up to a maximum of nine passengers per reservation. Zone 5 Priority Boarding will only be available on Delta and Delta Connection carrier operated flights. Delta does not offer Zone 5 Priority Boarding on Delta Shuttle® flights. New Eligible Card Members and Eligible Card Members who have upgraded from another Delta SkyMiles American Express Card will be eligible for the Priority Boarding benefit after receiving their Card from American Express. Boarding offerings are subject to change without notice. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply. See delta.com/amex for details.

Second Checked Bag Free
Benefit is limited to Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Delta SkyMiles® Gold or Gold Business, Delta SkyMiles® Platinum or Platinum Business, or Delta SkyMiles® Reserve or Reserve Business American Express Card (each, an "Eligible Card"). Reservation must include all traveling Basic Card Members' SkyMiles numbers; if a Basic Card Member's SkyMiles number is not provided at the time of booking, it must be added before check-in or bag payment to enjoy the benefit. This benefit is available once per Eligible Card per direction of travel on a qualifying itinerary. Fee waiver is also available for Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) holding an Eligible Card who are passengers traveling on the same reservation. Waiver is only for standard bag fee, if any, for a second checked bag that is not overweight and not oversize under Delta's applicable rules as set forth in Delta's contract of carriage. Additional checked bags beyond the second checked bag will be subject to the applicable baggage fees as outlined by Delta's rules and the terms of the purchased fare as set forth in Delta's contract of carriage. The second checked bag fee waiver will only be applied to tickets whose origin and destination are within the United States (U.S. 48, Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands) on a Delta or Delta Connection® carrier when you check-in with Delta for both a Delta-marketed and Delta-operated flight. Codeshare flights are not eligible. New Card Members and Card Members upgrading from another Delta SkyMiles Card product will be eligible for the second checked baggage fee waiver benefit after receiving their Card from American Express. Waiver is not available to passengers who are already receiving two or more checked bags free (for example, due to itinerary purchased, Medallion Status, or active-duty military status). Benefit terms and conditions are subject to change. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply.

Seller of Travel
American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. is acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers and is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. Certain suppliers pay us commission and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals and may provide incentives to our Travel Consultants. For more information visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms.

California CST#1022318; Washington UBI#600-469-694

Send & Split®
Send & Split® is only available in the American Express® App ("Amex App") to Card Members with an eligible Card. Eligible Cards are US-issued Basic Consumer Cards that are issued by American Express National Bank and are not cancelled. Prepaid Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards, American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions and American Express Cards issued outside of the United States are not eligible Cards. To use Send & Split, you must first have an email address on file, enroll in Send & Split® in your American Express Online Account ("Online Account") and open an Amex Send® stored balance account ("Send Account"). You must have or create an account with Venmo or PayPal and link your Online Account to your PayPal or Venmo account to use Send & Split. You must add money to your Send Account from your eligible Card(s) to use Send & Split to send a Venmo or PayPal recipient. The charge on your Card for an Add Money transaction does not earn rewards and is subject to the Card's purchase APR. There is no fee to send funds to US recipients. PayPal charges a fee to send funds to non-US recipients.

For complete details visit americanexpress.com/sendandsplitterms to view Terms & Conditions. Send Account issued by American Express National Bank, Member FDIC.

Shop Small® Map
Only qualifying American Express Card accepting small merchants will be featured on the map. Please note that business location and other information provided on the map may contain inaccuracies or errors, including as a result of information provided by third parties. The data on this map is constantly being updated, please continually check back for updates.

SkyMiles General
All SkyMiles program rules apply to SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption, and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Partner airline benefits are subject to change and subject to the terms and conditions of each partner. Partner offers are subject to the terms and conditions of each individual offer. Offers are void where prohibited by law. Offers are subject to change without notice. Other restrictions apply.

Spending Limits
When you request that we apply a limit as described below on Charges incurred by an Additional Card Member on your Account, you agree to these terms. These terms supplement, and are incorporated by reference into, the terms of your Card Member Agreement.

At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of Purchases, during each billing period, that are charged to Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of cash access transactions at ATMs, during each billing period, that are made using Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guarantee that the Additional Card Member will be able to make Purchases or cash access transactions up to the applicable limit. In applying any limit we will not take into account any credits (such as for returned merchandise or for payments), even if a credit relates to a Purchase made by the Additional Card Member. Any request that we change a limit may not be effective until a subsequent billing period. Any Charges (as defined below) incurred by the Additional Card Member prior to the date during a billing period that we apply the limit will not be subject to the limit for that billing period.

Because of systems or administrative considerations, arrangements with merchants, or for other business reasons, we may, but are not required to, treat some Purchases and/or cash access transactions (collectively, Charges) as not being subject to any such limits. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. While we typically require merchants to obtain an authorization for purchases and submit final transaction documentation for payment in a timely manner, a limit may not apply or may be exceeded when a merchant does not obtain an authorization for any reason; when a merchant obtains an authorization for a partial amount of the final charge submitted to us for payment; or when such submissions are not submitted or processed at the same time that the authorization is obtained. Examples may include, but are not limited to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in duty-free stores, or on board airplanes or cruise vessels; international airline ticket Purchases; vehicle rentals; lodging stays extended beyond original reservation period; certain mail order Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurring basis; Purchases at gas stations; telecommunications charges, including charges incurred with calling cards; taxicab charges; security deposits; late, damage or other fees in connection with rentals; Purchases billed in installments; restaurant tips and other gratuities; and Charges that occur before the end of billing period, if the Charge is posted to your Account after the Closing Date of that billing period. Any limit will not be applied to Charges for foreign currency or for travelers cheques or gift cheques obtained other than by telephone from us.

The Spending Limit for the Additional Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Limit is set on the Additional Card, spending capacity on this Card will be subject to the Basic Card Member's account terms and conditions.

TakeOff 15
Eligibility:
Basic Delta SkyMiles Gold, Platinum and Reserve American Express Card Members, as well as Basic Delta SkyMiles Gold, Platinum and Reserve Business American Express Card Members (each, an "Eligible Card"), can get at least a fifteen percent (15%) discount off the mileage portion of an Award Ticket (the "TakeOff 15" benefit). Additional Card Members are not eligible.

Available only if entire itinerary is on Delta and Delta Connection® carrier-operated and ticketed flights booked at delta.com or the FlyDelta app. Not available on flights operated by other carriers. Not available for Pay with Miles, Miles + Cash, seat upgrades purchased after the initial flight booking, or other Delta products or services. Discount only applies to the mileage portion of the Award Ticket fare and does not apply to applicable taxes and fees which must be paid using the Eligible Card. Card Member must be logged-in to a SkyMiles account linked to an Eligible Card to receive the TakeOff 15 benefit discount. Mileage discount will be greater than or equal to 15% of the overall miles portion for the Award Ticket. An Award Ticket is a ticket issued by Delta pursuant to the SkyMiles Program Rules, by which SkyMiles members may redeem miles and pay applicable government-imposed taxes and fees in exchange for air transportation. All Award Ticket rules apply, as set forth on delta.com and in the specific terms incorporated into your Award Ticket. Award Travel is defined as travel using an Award Ticket. Award Travel seats are limited and may not be available on all flights or in all markets.

SkyMiles account balance must have sufficient miles for the entire Award Ticket(s) being purchased. TakeOff 15 benefit is not combinable with certificates, Delta eCredits, Delta Gift Cards, vouchers, or with any other discounts or promotional offers.

Award Ticket Taxes/Fees:
Award Ticket taxes and fees include only U.S. excise and departure/arrival taxes, airport charges, segment fees, the September 11th Security Fee, and international taxes and fees normally included in the Award Ticket.

Award Ticket Cancellations and Changes:
In the event of a voluntary cancellation of the Award Ticket to which the TakeOff 15 benefit was applied, redeemed miles will be redeposited into the Card Member's SkyMiles account, except for Delta Main Basic (Basic Economy) tickets. Current Award Ticket redeposit fees apply. Delta Main Basic (Basic Economy) cancellations will result in cancellation charge assessed in miles, as outlined in fare rules. Remaining miles after deduction of the cancellation charge will be redeposited to Card Member's SkyMiles account. There is no discount applicable to the cancellation charge.

If changing an Award Ticket after ticketing, discount is applied to the new Award Ticket (if eligible), and the difference in miles will be deducted from the Card Member's SkyMiles account (if the new Award Ticket mileage amount is higher) or redeposited into the Card Member's SkyMiles account (if the new Award Ticket mileage amount is lower). Delta Main Basic (Basic Economy) tickets are not eligible for voluntary changes. SkyMiles Member must be an active Basic Delta SkyMiles Gold, Platinum or Reserve American Express Card Member or Basic Delta SkyMiles Gold, Platinum or Reserve Business American Express Card Member at time that the Award Ticket is changed to be eligible for the TakeOff 15 benefit on the changed Award Ticket.

Miscellaneous:
All SkyMiles Program rules apply to SkyMiles Program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption, and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit Program Rules. SkyMiles Program and offers are void where prohibited by law, and terms are subject to change without notice. Other restrictions apply.

Year-End Summary
The Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.

AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURES
For important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguide

Baggage Insurance Plan
Baggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions.  For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms. If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.

Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance
Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms. If You have any questions about a specific vehicle, please call Us at 1-800-338-1670, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.

Extended Warranty
Extended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions.  For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms. If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.

Purchase Protection
Purchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions.  For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms. If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.