IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATION
INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGES
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

19.49% to 28.49%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening.

This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

28.74%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

Penalty APR and When it Applies

29.99%

This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

We have the right to apply the Penalty APR to new transactions if:

1) you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due by the Payment Due Date; or

2) your payment is returned by your bank.

and we will notify you if we do.

How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for at least 6 months. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR is applied. The Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.

Paying Interest

Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your entire balance (or if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) by the due date. We will begin charging interest on cash advances on the transaction date.

Plan Fee (Fixed Finance Charge)

A monthly fee up to 1.33% of each purchase or amount moved into a plan based on the plan duration, the APR that would otherwise apply to the purchase and other factors.

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

Fees
Annual Fee
$0 intro annual fee for the first year, then $150

Transaction Fees	
Cash Advance	Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Foreign Transaction	None
Penalty Fees	
Late Payment	Up to $40.
Returned Payment	Up to $40.
Overlimit	None

How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance method (including new purchases)."

Variable APRs will not exceed 29.99%.

Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. If The Wall Street Journal does not publish the Prime Rate on that day, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If The Wall Street Journal is no longer published or stops publishing the Prime Rate, we may use the Prime Rate published in another newspaper of general circulation. If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs (and corresponding DPRs) will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and may have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period during which the Prime Rate has changed. Variable APRs are accurate as of 07/03/26.


TERMS AND CONDITIONS

View the full Card Member Agreement.


By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account in your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents.

You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it.

When you use your Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to the account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. We may change the Card Member Agreement subject to applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competitive environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cannot change certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership.

Additional Cards (including Companion Cards, if available):
Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement, must be at least 13 years of age and never had a default account with American Express. Additional Card Member may not be the same individual as the Basic Card Member or as another Additional Card Member on the same account. You are responsible for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to give Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it with them.

Cash advance at ATMs:
We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.

USA PATRIOT Act Notice:
Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.

Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents:
No provision of any marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wisconsin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, prior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agreement or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decree.

New York Residents:
New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Department of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov

Notice to California Residents:
An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.

Notice to Delaware Residents:
Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.

Notice to Oregon Residents:
Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time.

Notice to Ohio Residents:
The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.




The Hilton Honors American Express Surpass® Card is issued by American Express National Bank. ©2026 American Express National Bank. ©2026 Hilton.

Hilton Honors™ membership, including the earning and redemption of Points, is subject to Hilton Honors Terms & Conditions. ©2026 Hilton

Hilton Honors and all trademarks of the Hilton Portfolio are owned by Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc. or its subsidiaries.
POID K91P:9735

OFFER TERMS
You may not be eligible to receive a welcome offer if you have or have had this Card, the Hilton Honors Amex Ascend Card or previous versions of these Cards. You also may not be eligible to receive a welcome offer based on various factors, such as your history with credit card balance transfers, your history as an American Express Card Member, the number of credit cards that you have opened and closed and other factors. If you are not eligible for a welcome offer, we will notify you prior to processing your application so you have the option to withdraw your application.

130,000 Hilton Honors Bonus Points
You can earn 130,000 Hilton Honors™ Bonus Points after you spend $3,000 (the "Threshold Amount") on eligible purchases on your Card in your first 6 months of Card Membership starting from the date that your account is opened. Eligible purchases to meet the Threshold Amount of this offer include those made by both the Basic and Additional Card Members on the Card Account. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases to meet the Threshold Amount of this offer do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchase of travelers checks, purchase or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or other cash equivalents. Hilton Honors Bonus Points will be credited to your Hilton Honors account 8-12 weeks after the Threshold Amount has been reached. Additional Card Members are not eligible to receive this offer. Bonus Points do not count toward elite tier qualification; for more information, visit HiltonHonors.com/terms. Your Card Account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment of any offers.

Offers may vary and you may see different offers in different advertisements. To take advantage of this specific offer, apply through this advertisement. This offer is not transferable. Offer ends 07/29/2026 at 23:59 MST. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke this offer at any time.

If we determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this offer in any way or that you intend to do so, including if you return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount, we may not credit, we may freeze, or we may take away the Hilton Honors Bonus Points from your Card Account. We may also cancel any Card Accounts you have with us.

Your period to spend $3,000 may be shorter than 6 months depending on when you receive your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 6 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction (for example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). In rare circumstances, you may need to pay down your balance during the billing cycle to help free up your available credit to make purchases to meet the Threshold Amount. It may take a few days after payment for your available credit to be updated.
Intro (First Year Free) Annual Membership Fee
The introductory annual fee for the Hilton Honors American Express Surpass® Card will be $0 for the first year of Card Membership. After that, the annual fee will be $150.
BENEFIT TERMS
The following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.

$200 Hilton Statement Credit
Basic Hilton Honors American Express Surpass Card Members can receive up to a total of $50 in statement credits each calendar quarter (January through March, April through June, July through September, and October through December), for up to $200 back annually, for eligible purchases charged directly with a property within the Hilton portfolio on their Card Account, including for bookings and incidental charges. For a booking to be eligible for a statement credit, the booking must be made directly through a reservation channel operated by Hilton. Bookings or purchases made through a third-party other than Hilton, such as an online travel website, will not be eligible for a statement credit. At certain hotels, if your booking is part of a contract for an event, the purchase may not be eligible for a statement credit. For an incidental charge (including charges made at restaurants, spas, and other establishments within the hotel property) to be eligible for a statement credit, the incidental charge must be charged to your room and paid for with your Hilton Honors American Express Surpass Card at checkout. Eligible purchases can be made by both the Basic and any Additional Card Members on the Card Account. However, the total amount of statement credits for eligible purchases will not exceed $200 per Card Account per calendar year. Please allow 8-12 weeks after the eligible purchase is charged to your Card Account for a statement credit to be posted to the Account.

American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date then your purchase may not earn the statement credit benefit for the benefit period in which you made the purchase. For example, if an eligible purchase is made on December 31st but the merchant processes the transaction such that it is identified to us as occurring on January 1st, a statement credit for the January through March calendar quarter would be applied, if available. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive a statement credit. American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify eligible purchases. If American Express does not receive information that identifies your transaction as eligible for this benefit, the Basic Card Member will not receive a statement credit. For example, your purchase will not be eligible if it is not identified as being made directly with Hilton (e.g., if a purchase is made at a restaurant or convenience store within a Hilton property). Basic Card Members may not receive a statement credit if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify your purchase as eligible, if a transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third-party (such as an app store), or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it.

Statement credits may not be received or may be reversed if an eligible purchase is returned, refunded, canceled, or modified. If the Card Account is canceled or past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you.

Account Manager
Account Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.

Adding an Additional Card Member
Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. They must be at least 13 years of age and never had a defaulted account with American Express. Additional Card Member may not be the same individual as the Basic Card Member or as another Additional Card Member on the same account. You are responsible for the activity and use of your Account by Additional Card Members. You must pay for all charges they make.

American Express Venue Collection™
The American Express Venue Collection provides American Express® Card Members with a Consumer or Business American Express Card issued by American Express in the US with access to a set of benefits at stadiums and arenas for select events. American Express cards issued by third-party financial institutions, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Debit Cards, and American Express Prepaid Cards are not eligible. All benefits are subject to specific terms & conditions. Some benefits will be fulfilled by the venue and are subject to terms & conditions set by the venue, as applicable. Benefits cannot be redeemed for cash, transferred, or substituted. Void where prohibited by law. For more information, including specific benefit terms & conditions and venues included as part of the collection, please visit americanexpress.com/venues.

American Express Venue Collection™ Concessions Statement Credit
Eligible Card Members can earn 10% back (up to $250) in statement credits per calendar year after using their enrolled Card to make qualifying food and beverage concessions purchases at stadiums and arenas in the American Express Venue Collection™. Limit one enrolled Card per Card Member. Offer ends 12/31/2026.

By enrolling in this offer, you agree to these terms and the Amex Offers™ Program Terms.

Eligibility and Enrollment​

Eligible Card Members must first add offer to Card and then use that same enrolled Card to make qualifying purchases. Only Consumer and Business American Express Cards issued by American Express in the US are eligible for this offer. American Express Prepaid Cards, Corporate Cards, Debit Cards, and American Express-branded Cards issued by other financial institutions are not eligible for this offer. Additional Cards on an eligible Card account are also eligible to enroll in this offer; however, any rewards or credits earned will be applied to the Basic Card Member's account. Each eligible Card must enroll separately in this offer and must individually make a qualifying purchase to earn a statement credit.

Limit one enrollment per Card Member regardless of whether a Card Member has more than one eligible Card. Offers are non-transferable. Card Members must select one eligible Card to enroll and enrollment of an eligible Card in this offer extends only to that Card.

Limit of $250 back in total statement credits on that enrolled Card each calendar year. Offer ends December 31, 2026.

Qualifying Purchases

Offer only valid on qualifying food and beverage concessions purchases at participating stadiums and arenas in the American Express Venue Collection™ ("Participating Venues"). Participating Venues and qualifying purchases are subject to change, and an up-to-date list can be found at go.amex/venue-concessions-us. Please review this list prior to making a purchase at a Participating Venue. Qualifying Purchases must be made during the offer period with your enrolled American Express Card and in an amount totaling at least $0.01 USD as posted to your account, following conversion from a foreign currency, if applicable, in accordance with your Card Member Agreement.

Offer not valid on purchases made using third parties, such as resellers, delivery services, or other intermediaries.

Statement Credit

If you meet the offer requirements, the statement credit(s) will typically post to your account within 30 days after you make a qualifying purchase, provided that American Express receives information from the merchant about your qualifying purchase. In some circumstances, it may take up to 90 days after the qualifying purchase for statement credit(s) to post. Please call the number on the back of your Card with any questions about this offer, including questions regarding enrollment or qualifying purchases, or if credit(s) have not posted to your account 30 days after you made the qualifying purchase. Accounts that are canceled at the time of fulfillment of the offer will not receive the credit(s). Credit(s) may not be received or may be reversed if an eligible purchase is returned, partially returned, refunded, canceled or modified. The 10% back in the form of statement credit(s), up to $250 in total statement credits per calendar year, is calculated based off the total amount of a qualifying purchase made in US dollars or following conversion to US dollars from a foreign currency, if applicable.

American Express Venue Collection™ Entrances and Fast Lanes
American Express Card Member entrances and/or fast lanes are available at venues in the American Express Venue Collection. Card Member entrances and fast lanes may not be available for all events; hours of availability may vary and are subject to change. Entrances and fast lanes may be modified or discontinued at any time and without notice. Card Members must have a valid ticket to the event and can access the Card Member entrance or fast lane by presenting a valid American Express Card in the Card Member's name. The number of guests that may accompany a Card Member through a Card Member entrance of fast lane may vary by venue. Additional terms may apply by venue and by event (including, without limitation, security protocols). American Express does not operate the Card Member entrances or fast lanes; the applicable venue operates the entrance. Venue personnel reserve the right to not allow Card Members and their guests admittance through the Card Member entrance or fast lane for any reason, including, without limitation, not adhering to security protocols. To learn more about a specific venue, please visit americanexpress.com/venues.

American Express® App
The American Express® App and app features are available only for eligible accounts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible.

To log in, customers must have an American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.

Amex Offers
To redeem an Amex Offer®, eligible Card Members must first enroll in the offer through their online account or in the American Express® App and then use their enrolled Card to make a qualifying purchase. Only U.S.-issued American Express Consumer and Business Cards may be eligible to participate. Card Members can check their eligibility by visiting the Amex Offers section of their online account. American Express, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to determine eligibility for the Amex Offers program and may revoke access or enrollment if we determine that you have engaged, or are likely to engage, in abuse, misuse, or gaming of the program. Please review the terms of each offer for details on how to redeem. By enrolling in an offer, you agree that American Express may use your transaction and personal information to administer the offer, communicate with you about it, and facilitate your experience in accordance with the American Express Privacy Statement. You also consent to receiving electronic communications from American Express, including email, app notifications, and other digital messages, related to your enrolled offers and the Amex Offers program.

By enrolling in an offer, you agree to the individual offer terms and Program Terms. See individual offer terms below, and full Program Terms.

Amex Preferred Tickets™
Eligible American Express® Card Members may purchase Amex Preferred Tickets™ for select events and select seats, during a specified period while supplies last. Tickets are sold by and fulfilled by third party ticket sellers (not American Express), and such tickets are subject to the rules, terms and conditions, prices and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue. When purchasing tickets, enter the 10-digit customer service phone number on the back of your eligible Card when prompted. Tickets must be purchased using one of the following U.S.-issued American Express Cards: Consumer, Business, or Corporate Platinum Card® or Centurion® Card; Consumer or Business Delta SkyMiles® Platinum Card; Consumer or Business Delta SkyMiles® Reserve Card; Consumer, Business, or Corporate Gold Card; Classic Business Gold Card; Business Gold Rewards Card; Executive Business Card; Hilton Honors American Express Surpass® Card; Hilton Honors Aspire Card; Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® Card; Marriott Bonvoy Bevy® Card; Marriott Bonvoy® Card; The Platinum Card® from American Express Exclusively for Morgan Stanley; The Platinum Card® from American Express Exclusively for Charles Schwab; The Platinum Card® from American Express for Goldman Sachs; or The Centurion® Card from American Express Exclusively for Goldman Sachs. Tickets are subject to availability and supply may be limited. Not all seats may be offered; purchase limits, and blackout dates may apply. Refunds, exchanges, and resale may be prohibited by the ticket seller.

Amex Presale Tickets®
American Express® Card Members have access to purchase Amex Presale Tickets® for select events and select seats, during a specified period prior to the general on-sale dates for those events. Tickets must be purchased using an American Express Card. An American Express Prepaid Card cannot be used to purchase tickets. Amex Presale Tickets® are sold by and fulfilled by third party ticket sellers (not American Express), and such tickets are subject to the rules, terms and conditions, prices and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue. Amex Presale Tickets® are subject to availability and supply may be limited. Not all seats may be offered; purchase limits and blackout dates may apply. Refunds, exchanges, and resale may be prohibited by the ticket seller. For more information, please visit americanexpress.com/entertainment.

Amex Reserved Tickets®
American Express® Card Members have access to purchase Amex Reserved Tickets® for select events and select seats, during a specified period. Tickets must be purchased using an American Express Card. An American Express Prepaid Card cannot be used to purchase tickets. Amex Reserved Tickets® are sold by and fulfilled by third-party ticket sellers (not American Express), and such tickets are subject to the rules, terms and conditions, prices and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue. Amex Reserved Tickets® are subject to availability and supply may be limited. Not all seats may be offered; purchase limits and blackout dates may apply. Refunds, exchanges, and resale may be prohibited by the ticket seller. For more information, please visit americanexpress.com/entertainment.

Destination Family
Benefits are valid for new bookings of eligible cruises or tour packages made through American Express Travel with participating travel providers using an eligible U.S. Consumer, Business, Corporate American Express® Card. Payment must be made with the eligible Card, and that Card Member must travel on the itinerary booked. Benefits may not be available to residents outside the 50 United States. Benefits apply per booking, not per traveler and cannot be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates may apply. Participating travel providers and benefits are subject to change and vary by travel provider. Benefits are non-transferable, subject to availability, and cannot be redeemed for cash, cash-equivalents, or credit.

Dispute Resolution
Not all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.

Drive Off With Savings & Hilton Honors Bonus Points
A qualifying rental must meet the following: The Primary Driver's Hilton Honors number must be provided at time of reservation. The name of the member associated with the Hilton Honors number provided must match the Primary Driver's name on the rental to qualify for mileage awards. Only one Hilton Honors member per car rental will be credited with points. Special contracted corporate or promotional rates such as employee, net tour, travel agent, group, wholesale or package rates, crew, insurance/dealer replacement or other or non-revenue rentals do not qualify for points. Multiple rentals that encompass different cars on the same or consecutive days from the same location shall be counted as a single qualifying rental even if the member checks the car in and back out during the same period.

Earn Hilton Honors Bonus Points
Hilton Honors Bonus Points earned using your Hilton Honors American Express Surpass® Card:

You will receive 3 Hilton Honors Bonus Points for each dollar of eligible purchases.

You will receive 9 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points, for a total of 12, for each dollar of eligible purchases charged directly with a property within the Hilton portfolio, including bookings and incidental charges. To receive the 9 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points for charges made at the time of booking, the booking must be made directly through a reservation channel operated by Hilton. You can receive the 9 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points for incidental charges made at the hotel (including charges made at restaurants, spas, and other establishments) if those charges can be and are charged to your room and paid for with your Hilton Honors American Express Surpass® Card at checkout.

You will receive 3 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points, for a total of 6, for each dollar of eligible purchases at the following categories of merchants excluding superstores and warehouse clubs: restaurants located in the U.S., supermarkets located in the U.S. and on gasoline at gas stations located in the U.S.

To get additional Points for a restaurant purchase, the purchase must be at a restaurant located in the United States. You will NOT get additional Points for purchases made at a restaurant owned by a U.S. company but located outside the U.S. (e.g. Hard Rock Café in Paris). You also will NOT get additional Points for restaurant purchases at nightclubs, convenience stores, grocery stores, or supermarkets. You may not get additional Points for purchases at a restaurant located within another establishment (e.g. a restaurant inside a hotel, casino, or event venue). For example, purchases made at a restaurant located within a hotel may be recognized as a purchase at a hotel, not a restaurant.

You will receive 1 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Point, for a total of 4, for each dollar of eligible online retail purchases made on a website or a digital application (an app) from a U.S. retail merchant that sells physical goods or merchandise directly to consumers. To identify eligible online retail purchases, we rely on information provided to us by the merchant. The following are not considered retail purchases: purchases made at restaurants, supermarkets, gasoline stations, or automotive dealers, as well as purchases of travel, entertainment, or other services. Payment must be made online and categorized as an internet transaction by the merchant for the purchase to be eligible. You will not receive additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points for purchases made online but paid for in store. Payments made in store using a mobile or digital wallet or a contactless payment device are not considered online purchases. You will not receive additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points for purchases made by phone or mail, or by using a third-party "buy now pay later" installment program.

Your Hilton Honors Points are subject to Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions; see HiltonHonors.com/terms.

Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Hilton Honors Bonus Points you earn with your Card will be posted to your Hilton Honors account up to 12 weeks after the end of your billing period.

Purchases made through a third-party payment account or on an online marketplace (with multiple retailers) will not receive additional points.

Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. We group certain merchant codes into categories that are eligible for additional Points. A purchase with a merchant will not receive additional Points if the merchant's code is not included in a reward category. You may not receive additional Points if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify your purchase as eligible for a reward category. For example, you may not receive additional Points when: a merchant uses a third-party to sell their products or services; or a merchant uses a third-party to process or submit your transaction to us (e.g., using mobile or wireless card readers); or you choose to make a purchase using a third-party payment account or make a purchase using a mobile or digital wallet.

Please visit americanexpress.com/rewards-info for more information about rewards.

Free Night Reward
Basic Card Members can receive a Free Night Reward from Hilton Honors after the total eligible purchases on their Hilton Honors American Express Surpass® Card account reach $15,000 in a calendar year. The Free Night Reward will be issued in the form of a redeemable code and sent to the Basic Card Member in an email from Hilton Honors to the email address listed on their Hilton Honors account. The Basic Card Member will receive the Reward email within 8-12 weeks after meeting the purchase requirement. This benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member; however, eligible purchases made by Additional Card Members will contribute to the purchase requirement.

Eligible purchases to meet the purchase requirement are for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or other cash equivalents. If you transfer to a different Hilton Honors American Express Card that has a Free Night Reward benefit, any eligible purchases you made on your old Card Account will count toward the new Card Account's Free Night Reward purchase requirement, after your first transaction on the new Card Account.

The Free Night Reward can be redeemed for one standard accommodation, double occupancy, subject to availability, at properties in the Hilton portfolio, excluding those listed at HiltonHonors.com/freenightreward.

To redeem the Free Night Reward, Basic Card Members must call 1-800-446-6677 and mention the code provided by Hilton Honors. A Free Night Reward expires one year from the date of issuance and must be redeemed on or before the expiration date. A Free Night Reward will be forfeited if not redeemed on or before the expiration date.

To ensure receipt of the Free Night Reward email notification, confirm the correct email address is listed on your Hilton Honors account profile. To view the status of any Free Night Rewards issued to you, visit your Hilton Honors Account Dashboard at HiltonHonors.com.

The Free Night Reward is not transferable and may not be redeemed for cash or Hilton Honors Points. A Free Night Reward may be combined with other Hilton or Free Night promotions in market and may be added to existing paid or Reward stays. A Free Night Reward includes all applicable resort fees and taxes on the cost of the room for the redeemed night at all locations except for a tourism tax at properties located in Malaysia. The Card Member is responsible for all incidental charges and, if applicable, the Malaysian tourism tax. Free Night Reward redemptions may be canceled pursuant to the Free Night Reward cancellation policy on the Hilton Honors Program website (HiltonHonors.com).

Free Night Rewards are subject to Hilton Terms and Conditions, available at https://www.Hilton.com/en/p/promotions/free-night-terms/.

Global Assist® Hotline
While Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.

Hilton Honors Complimentary Gold Status
You will receive complimentary Hilton Honors Gold status with your Hilton Honors American Express Surpass® Card. Please allow up to 12 weeks from account open date for your complimentary Gold status to be applied to your Hilton Honors account. Complimentary Gold status benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member. If your Hilton Honors American Express Surpass® Card is canceled for any reason, your complimentary Hilton Honors Gold status provided with the Card will be canceled. American Express reserves the right to change, modify or revoke complimentary Gold status at any time. If your complimentary Gold status is canceled, you may be able to maintain your Gold status by qualifying under the Hilton Honors Program terms. Gold status benefits are subject to availability and vary by hotel. For more information on Gold status benefits or how to maintain Gold status each year with qualifying stays, nights or Hilton Honors Base Points through the Hilton Honors Program, visit HiltonHonors.com/MemberBenefits, Hilton.com/en/Hilton-Honors/benefit-terms/, HiltonHonors.com/SLHterms, and HiltonHonors.com/AutoCampterms. The Hilton Honors Program, including the benefits of Hilton Honors Membership, are subject to Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions; see HiltonHonors.com/terms.

Hilton Honors Points
Your Hilton Honors Points are subject to Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions, see HiltonHonors.com/terms.

Hilton Honors Program & Copyright
Hilton Honors membership, including the earning and redemption of Points, is subject to Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions, available at https://www.HiltonHonors.com/terms. ©2026 Hilton

Hilton Honors and all trademarks of the Hilton Portfolio are owned by Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc. or its subsidiaries.

Hilton Honors Status
Hilton Honors status benefits are subject to availability and vary by hotel; see Hiltonhonors.com/MemberBenefits, Hilton.com/en/hilton-honors/benefit-terms/, HiltonHonors.com/SLHTerms, and HiltonHonors.com/AutoCampTerms for additional details. The Hilton Honors Program, including the benefits of Hilton Honors Membership, are subject to Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions; see Hiltonhonors.com/terms.

Hilton Honors Upgrade to Diamond Status
You may receive an upgrade to Hilton Honors Diamond status if the total eligible purchases on your Card Account during a calendar year reach $40,000 or more. A calendar year is from January 1 to December 31 regardless of when you open your Card Account. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of other cash equivalents.

This upgrade to Diamond status benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member; however, eligible purchases made by Additional Card Members will contribute to the purchase requirement. It will take about 10-12 weeks after the total eligible purchases level is reached for your Hilton Honors Diamond status to become effective.

Your upgrade to Hilton Honors Diamond status is valid for the calendar year in which it was earned and the subsequent calendar year. Your Diamond status will expire after that subsequent calendar year unless your total eligible purchases in that subsequent calendar year again qualifies you for Diamond status, or if you qualify for Diamond status under the Hilton Honors program terms.

For more information on Diamond status benefits or how to maintain your Diamond status each year with qualifying stays, nights or Hilton Honors Base Points through the Hilton Honors Program, visit HiltonHonors.com/MemberBenefits, Hilton.com/en/Hilton-Honors/benefit-terms/, HiltonHonors.com/SLHTerms, and HiltonHonors.com/AutoCampTerms. The Hilton Honors Program, including the benefits of Hilton Honors Membership, are subject to Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions; see HiltonHonors.com/terms.

Instant Card Number
Instant Card Number eligibility is based on our ability to instantly authenticate you. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receive an Instant Card Number that you may be able to use virtually anywhere American Express is accepted and a physical Card will not be required. In certain instances, you may not be able to use your Instant Card Number at a select merchant (for example, if the merchant requires your physical Card). You may not have access to your full credit line until after you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your physical Card within 5-7 business days of account approval.

Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee
Valid only for American Express Card Members. If you book a qualifying hotel rate on amextravel.com or the Amex Travel App™ and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults, the same rate type and cancellation policy at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. For prepaid reservations, your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. For verification of "pay later" hotel bookings, your claim must be submitted within thirty (30) days after you have completed the hotel stay, and the customer service representative may instruct you to mail a copy of your hotel receipt to American Express within that time period. American Express will honor the lower price for verified requests. The "Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee" policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, or (4) rates booked through the Fine Hotels + Resorts® and The Hotel Collection programs. Details

National Car Rental® Emerald Club Executive® Status
Basic Hilton Honors American Express Surpass® Card Members are required to enroll in the National Car Rental® Emerald Club through their American Express online account to access Executive® status. Basic Hilton Honors American Express Surpass® Card Members who are already enrolled in the National Car Rental Emerald Club can upgrade to Executive status by linking their Card to their Emerald Club account using the link provided on their American Express online account. Benefits of the National Car Rental Emerald Club Executive status are subject to National Car Rental® company's terms and conditions, including age restrictions. For more information about the National Car Rental Emerald Club, visit: https://www.nationalcar.com/en/emerald-club.html. National collects a Frequent Flyer Tax Recoupment Surcharge to cover the federal tax on the cost of the miles awarded at the time of rental. Discount applies to base rate only. Taxes (including GST), other governmentally authorized or imposed surcharges, license recoupment/air tax recovery and concession recoupment fees, airport and airport facility fees, fuel, additional driver fee, one-way rental charge, and optional items are extra. Renter must meet applicable driver, and credit requirements. Advance reservation required. May not be combined with other discounts. Availability is limited. Subject to change without notice. Blackout dates may apply.

The Emerald Club and its services require a signed Master Rental Agreement on file. Emerald Aisle®, Executive Selection℠, Emerald Reserve Service® and Emerald Club Counter Service℠ are available at select locations only. Expedited counter service available at all other locations. National Car Rental, the National "flag" and Emerald Club are registered trademarks of Enterprise Holdings, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners ©2026 National Car Rental.

No Foreign Transaction Fees
American Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.

Pay It Plan It®
Pay It®
Pay It® is only available in the American Express® App for your eligible Account. With the Pay It feature, you can make a payment equal to the amount of a billed purchase less than $100. Payments made with Pay It are not applied to that billed purchase but to your outstanding balance in accordance with how we apply payments.

Your Account is eligible for Pay It if you are a Basic Card Member or Additional Card Member of a Card account issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express that is not canceled, excluding Accounts that do not have either a Credit Limit or the Pay Over Time feature. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.

Plan It®
With Plan It®, you can create up to 10 active payment plans, each subject to a plan fee. The plan fee is a fixed finance charge that will be charged each month that the corresponding plan is active. You will be offered 1-3 plan duration options for the qualifying purchase. The plan duration options can vary based on a variety of factors such as the purchase amount, your Account history and your creditworthiness. If you are enrolled in an intro or promotional APR, you may see limited plan duration options during the intro or promotional period when you use Plan It on your Account. If you create a plan during an introductory or promotional APR period, your plan fee will be based on the introductory or promotional APR as long as the plan is created before 11:59pm MST on the last day of the introductory or promotional period.

To create a plan, select qualifying purchases of $100 or more and a plan duration. If you have a Card with a Credit Limit, you may also be able to select a qualifying amount of $100 or more and a plan duration. When creating a plan for purchases, you may select up to 10 qualifying purchases for each plan. Qualifying purchases will be identified in your American Express online Account and American Express App. Qualifying purchases (or a qualifying amount, if you have a Card with a Credit Limit) do not include purchases of cash or cash equivalents, balance transfers (if offered), purchases subject to Foreign Transaction Fees, or any fee owed to us, including Annual Membership fees. Unless you are creating a plan at checkout, please allow 2-3 days for your purchase to post to your Account. Once your purchase posts and is no longer pending, you can create a plan for that purchase.

Your ability to create plans will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, and your Credit Limit or Pay Over Time Limit, as applicable. The Pay Over Time Limit applies to the total of your Pay Over Time, Cash Advance, and Plan balances. You may not be able to create a plan if it would cause you to exceed your Pay Over Time Limit or cause your Plan balance to exceed 95% of your Account Total New Balance on your last billing statement. You will not be able to create plans if your Pay Over Time feature is suspended or your Account is canceled. You will also not be able to create plans if one or more of your American Express Accounts is enrolled in a payment program, has a payment that is returned unpaid, or is past due. The number and length of plan duration options offered to you, the number of active plans you can have at a time, and your ability to include multiple qualifying purchases in a single plan, will be at our discretion and will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, the purchase amount(s), and your Account history. After a plan is paid in full, it will be removed from your Account in the next billing period.

Plan It is available on Card Accounts issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express, excluding Accounts that do not have either a Credit Limit or the Pay Over Time feature. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Managers on the Account can create a plan. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded Cards or Account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.
Seller of Travel
American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. is acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers and is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. Certain suppliers pay us commission and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals and may provide incentives to our Travel Consultants. For more information visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms.

California CST#1022318; Washington UBI#600-469-694

Send & Split®
Send & Split® is only available in the American Express® App ("Amex App") to Card Members with an eligible Card. Eligible Cards are US-issued Basic Consumer Cards that are issued by American Express National Bank and are not cancelled. Prepaid Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards, American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions and American Express Cards issued outside of the United States are not eligible Cards. To use Send & Split, you must first have an email address on file, enroll in Send & Split® in your American Express Online Account ("Online Account") and open an Amex Send® stored balance account ("Send Account"). You must have or create an account with Venmo or PayPal and link your Online Account to your PayPal or Venmo account to use Send & Split. You must add money to your Send Account from your eligible Card(s) to use Send & Split to send a Venmo or PayPal recipient. The charge on your Card for an Add Money transaction does not earn rewards and is subject to the Card's purchase APR. There is no fee to send funds to US recipients. PayPal charges a fee to send funds to non-US recipients.

For complete details visit americanexpress.com/sendandsplitterms to view Terms & Conditions. Send Account issued by American Express National Bank, Member FDIC.

Shop Small® Map
Only qualifying American Express Card accepting small merchants will be featured on the map. Please note that business location and other information provided on the map may contain inaccuracies or errors, including as a result of information provided by third parties. The data on this map is constantly being updated, please continually check back for updates.

Spending Limits
When you request that we apply a limit as described below on Charges incurred by an Additional Card Member on your Account, you agree to these terms. These terms supplement, and are incorporated by reference into, the terms of your Card Member Agreement.

At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of Purchases, during each billing period, that are charged to Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of cash access transactions at ATMs, during each billing period, that are made using Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guarantee that the Additional Card Member will be able to make Purchases or cash access transactions up to the applicable limit. In applying any limit we will not take into account any credits (such as for returned merchandise or for payments), even if a credit relates to a Purchase made by the Additional Card Member. Any request that we change a limit may not be effective until a subsequent billing period. Any Charges (as defined below) incurred by the Additional Card Member prior to the date during a billing period that we apply the limit will not be subject to the limit for that billing period.

Because of systems or administrative considerations, arrangements with merchants, or for other business reasons, we may, but are not required to, treat some Purchases and/or cash access transactions (collectively, Charges) as not being subject to any such limits. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. While we typically require merchants to obtain an authorization for purchases and submit final transaction documentation for payment in a timely manner, a limit may not apply or may be exceeded when a merchant does not obtain an authorization for any reason; when a merchant obtains an authorization for a partial amount of the final charge submitted to us for payment; or when such submissions are not submitted or processed at the same time that the authorization is obtained. Examples may include, but are not limited to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in duty-free stores, or on board airplanes or cruise vessels; international airline ticket Purchases; vehicle rentals; lodging stays extended beyond original reservation period; certain mail order Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurring basis; Purchases at gas stations; telecommunications charges, including charges incurred with calling cards; taxicab charges; security deposits; late, damage or other fees in connection with rentals; Purchases billed in installments; restaurant tips and other gratuities; and Charges that occur before the end of billing period, if the Charge is posted to your Account after the Closing Date of that billing period. Any limit will not be applied to Charges for foreign currency or for travelers cheques or gift cheques obtained other than by telephone from us.

The Spending Limit for the Additional Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Limit is set on the Additional Card, spending capacity on this Card will be subject to the Basic Card Member's account terms and conditions.

Year-End Summary
The Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.

AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURES
For important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguide

Baggage Insurance Plan
Baggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions.  For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms. If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.

Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance
Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms. If You have any questions about a specific vehicle, please call Us at 1-800-338-1670, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.

Extended Warranty
Extended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions.  For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms. If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.

Purchase Protection
Purchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions.  For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms. If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.