IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATION
INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGES
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

19.49% to 28.49%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening.

This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

28.74%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

Penalty APR and When it Applies

29.99%

This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

We have the right to apply the Penalty APR to new transactions if:

1) you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due by the Payment Due Date; or

2) your payment is returned by your bank.

and we will notify you if we do.

How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for at least 6 months. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR is applied. The Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.

Paying Interest

Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your entire balance (or if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) by the due date. We will begin charging interest on cash advances on the transaction date.

Plan Fee (Fixed Finance Charge)

A monthly fee up to 1.33% of each purchase or amount moved into a plan based on the plan duration, the APR that would otherwise apply to the purchase and other factors.

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

Fees
Annual Fee
$650

Transaction Fees	
Cash Advance	Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Foreign Transaction	None
Penalty Fees	
Late Payment	Up to $40.
Returned Payment	Up to $40.
Overlimit	None

How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance method (including new purchases)."

Variable APRs will not exceed 29.99%.

Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. If The Wall Street Journal does not publish the Prime Rate on that day, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If The Wall Street Journal is no longer published or stops publishing the Prime Rate, we may use the Prime Rate published in another newspaper of general circulation. If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs (and corresponding DPRs) will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and may have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period during which the Prime Rate has changed. Variable APRs are accurate as of 07/03/26.


TERMS AND CONDITIONS

View the full Card Member Agreement.


By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account in your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents.

You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it.

When you use your Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to the account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. We may change the Card Member Agreement subject to applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competitive environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cannot change certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership.

Additional Cards (including Companion Cards, if available):
Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement, must be at least 13 years of age and never had a default account with American Express. Additional Card Member may not be the same individual as the Basic Card Member or as another Additional Card Member on the same account. You are responsible for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to give Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it with them.

Cash advance at ATMs:
We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.

USA PATRIOT Act Notice:
Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.

Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents:
No provision of any marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wisconsin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, prior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agreement or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decree.

New York Residents:
New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Department of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov

Notice to California Residents:
An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.

Notice to Delaware Residents:
Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.

Notice to Oregon Residents:
Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time.

Notice to Ohio Residents:
The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.




Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express® Card is issued by American Express National Bank. ©2026 American Express National Bank.

©2026 Marriott International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All names, marks and logos are trademarks of Marriott International, Inc. or its affiliates, unless otherwise noted.
POID KC56:9995

OFFER TERMS
You may not be eligible to receive a welcome offer if you have or have had this Card or the Starwood Preferred Guest® American Express Luxury Card or previous versions of these Cards. You also may not be eligible to receive a welcome offer based on various factors, such as your history with credit card balance transfers, your history as an American Express Card Member, the number of credit cards that you have opened and closed and other factors. If you are not eligible for a welcome offer, we will notify you prior to processing your application so you have the option to withdraw your application.

Welcome offer not available to applicants who (i) have or have had The Ritz-Carlton® Credit Card from JPMorgan or the J.P. Morgan Ritz-Carlton Rewards® Credit Card in the last 30 days, (ii) have acquired the Marriott Bonvoy Bountiful™ Credit Card from Chase, the Marriott Bonvoy Boundless® Credit Card from Chase, or the Marriott Bonvoy Bold® Credit Card from Chase in the last 90 days, or (iii) received a new Card Member bonus or upgrade offer for the Marriott Bonvoy Bountiful™ Credit Card from Chase, the Marriott Bonvoy Boundless® Credit Card from Chase, or the Marriott Bonvoy Bold® Credit Card from Chase in the last 24 months.

You can earn up to 150,000 Marriott Bonvoy® points. Here's how:
You can earn 100,000 Marriott Bonvoy points after you spend $6,000 or more in eligible purchases on your Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express® Card in the first 6 months of Card Membership, starting from the date that your account is opened. You can earn an additional 50,000 Marriott Bonvoy points (for a total of 150,000 Marriott Bonvoy Points) after you spend $2,000 or more in eligible purchases on your Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express® Card (for a total of $8,000 in eligible purchases) in the first 6 months of Card Membership, starting from the date that your account is opened.

Eligible purchases to meet the purchase requirements can be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Card account but Additional Card Members are not eligible for their own offer. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Bonus points will appear on your Marriott Bonvoy member account 8–12 weeks after you reach each purchase requirement. Bonus points may appear on your account in more than one deposit. To earn the bonus points, your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment.

Your period to spend $6,000 may be shorter than 6 months, and your period to spend $2,000 may be shorter than 6 months, depending on when you receive your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 6 months in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). Bonus miles will be credited to your account 8-12 weeks after you reach the Threshold Amount. In rare circumstances, you may need to pay down your balance during the billing cycle to help free up your available credit to make purchases to meet the eligible purchase requirements. It may take a few days after payment for your available credit to be updated.

If we determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this offer in any way or that you intend to do so, including if you return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount or eligible purchase requirement, we may not credit, we may freeze, or we may take away the Marriott Bonvoy points from your Card Account. We may also cancel any Card Accounts you have with us.

Offers may vary and you may see different offers in different advertisements. To take advantage of this specific offer, apply through this advertisement. This offer is not transferable. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke this offer at any time.
BENEFIT TERMS
The following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.

$100 Marriott Bonvoy® Property Credit
To receive the $100 USD property credit ("Property Credit"), you must book using the Member rate named "$100 Property Credit, Luxury Credit Card Rate" and pay, upon checkout, with your eligible Marriott Bonvoy American Express Card, which are: Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express® Card (U.S.), Marriott Bonvoy® American Express® Premium Card (Japan), Marriott Bonvoy® American Express® Card (Japan), or Marriott Bonvoy® American Express® Card (Saudi Arabia) or Marriott Bonvoy® American Express® Card (United Kingdom).

When you book through www.marriottbonvoy.com or by calling Marriott Bonvoy at 1-800-450-4442, for a two-night minimum stay at The Ritz-Carlton® or St. Regis® using the Member rate named "$100 Property Credit, Luxury Credit Card Rate", you will be eligible to receive a property credit of up to $100 per booking to be used on qualifying purchases on property including dining, spa services and hotel recreational activities that are not managed by a third party. When booking online, you must be logged into the Marriott Bonvoy account linked to your Card account to be eligible to book this rate. When booking by phone, please reference the "$100 Property Credit, Luxury Credit Card Rate" Member rate. You must confirm you are booking the correct $100 property credit rate at time of booking. Card Member will receive a credit equal to $1 USD for each dollar of qualifying charges made at the property under the Card Member's booking, up to $100 USD. The property credit will be applied as a credit on your bill upon checkout (and not on your American Express billing statement). Qualifying charges do NOT include property fees, taxes, gratuities and the cost of the room. Additional exclusions based on specific hotel restrictions may also apply (including, without limitation, purchases within the hotel that are made with a third party merchant and alcohol where prohibited by local ordinances). Please see the applicable hotel front desk for details. You must use your Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant American Express Card to pay your bill upon checkout. Stays booked by the Basic Card Member on the eligible Card account are eligible for the $100 USD Property Credit benefit. Additional Card Members on your account are not eligible for this benefit. Each booking is only eligible to receive a property credit of up to $100, regardless of the number of rooms booked. The property credit cannot be carried over to another stay, is not redeemable for cash, and expires at checkout if not used on qualifying purchases on property during the stay. The property credit is non-exchangeable, non-transferable and non-refundable and is applied in USD or equivalent in local currency based on exchange rate at time of checkout. May not be combined with other offers or programs unless indicated. Back-to-back stays within a 24-hour period at the same property are considered one stay.

$300 Brilliant Dining Credit
Basic Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express® Card Members can receive up to $25 in statement credits per month, for up to $300 back annually, for eligible purchases made at restaurants worldwide on the Card Account. Eligible purchases can be made by both the Basic Card Member and Additional Card Members on the Card Account. However, the total amount of statement credits for eligible purchases will not exceed $25 per month, for a total of up to $300 back per calendar year, per Card Account. Eligible purchases do not include the purchase of gift cards or merchandise, or purchases at non-restaurant merchants including bars, nightclubs, convenience stores, grocery stores, supermarkets, cafeterias, caterers, theatre clubs, breweries, bakeries and meeting venues. American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date then your purchase may not earn the statement credit benefit for the benefit period in which you made the purchase. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive a statement credit. Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. We group certain merchant codes into a restaurant category that is identified as eligible for statement credits in connection with this benefit. A purchase with a merchant will not earn a statement credit if the merchant's code is not included in the restaurant category. Basic Card Members may not receive a statement credit if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify a purchase as eligible for the restaurant category. For example, Basic Card Members may not receive a statement credit when: a merchant uses a third-party to sell their products or services; a merchant uses a third-party to process or submit a transaction to us (e.g., using mobile or wireless card readers); or you choose to make a purchase using a third-party payment account or make a purchase using a mobile or digital wallet. Please visit americanexpress.com/rewards-info for more information about rewards. You may not receive a statement credit if the transaction was made at a restaurant located within another establishment (e.g., a restaurant inside a hotel, casino, or event venue). Please allow 8 -12 weeks after an eligible purchase is charged to your Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to your Account. If the Card Account is cancelled or past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit.

25 Elite Night Credits
Twenty-five Elite Night Credits ("ENC") will be deposited into your Marriott Bonvoy® Member Account within 60 days upon opening your Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express® Card Account. If you have already received the annual Elite Night Credits ("Annual ENC") benefit associated with another Marriott Bonvoy consumer card, regardless of bank issuer, you will only receive a deposit equal to the difference between the Annual ENC benefits to total the number of ENCs associated with the card that offers the highest number of ENCs, if applicable. On or before March 1 of each subsequent calendar year, the Annual ENC benefit will be deposited into your Marriott Bonvoy Member Account operated by Marriott International, Inc., in accordance with Marriott Bonvoy terms and conditions. To be eligible to receive the 25 ENCs associated with the Annual ENC benefit from your Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant American Express Card, you must be the Basic Card Member, your Card Account must be open at the time of the deposit, and you must have an active Marriott Bonvoy Member Account linked to your Card account.

This benefit is not exclusive to Cards offered by American Express. You can only receive the Annual ENC benefit associated with one eligible Marriott Bonvoy consumer card per year, regardless of the number of Marriott Bonvoy cards that are linked with a Marriott Bonvoy Member Account and regardless of bank issuer. If your Marriott Bonvoy Member Account is linked to more than one open Marriott Bonvoy consumer card that offers the Annual ENC benefit, you will only receive the Annual ENC benefit associated with the card that offers the highest number of ENCs. If you have both an open Marriott Bonvoy consumer card account and an open Marriott Bonvoy business card account that each offer the Annual ENC benefit, then you will receive an Annual ENC benefit for each, for a total of two Annual ENC benefits per Marriott Bonvoy Member Account per year. If you have more than one Marriott Bonvoy Member Account that has received the Annual ENC benefit and you merge accounts, you will retain only the ENCs associated with one eligible Marriott Bonvoy consumer card that offers the highest number of ENCs as a benefit; and, if applicable, the ENCs from one eligible Marriott Bonvoy business card that offers the highest number of ENCs as a benefit.

6/3/2 Marriott Bonvoy points
You will receive 2 Marriott Bonvoy® points for each U.S. dollar of eligible purchases charged on your Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express® Card.

You will receive 1 additional point (for a total of 3 points) from American Express for each U.S. dollar of eligible purchases charged on your Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express Card for airfare on a scheduled flight charged directly with passenger airlines (charter flights and private jet flights are excluded) and 1 additional point (for a total of 3 points) for each dollar charged at restaurants worldwide. You will NOT earn 1 additional point for purchases at nightclubs, convenience stores, grocery stores or supermarkets. You may not earn 1 additional point for purchases at a restaurant located within another establishment (e.g., a restaurant inside a hotel, casino, or event venue) as purchases made at a restaurant located within establishments such as a hotel may be recognized as a purchase at a hotel, not a restaurant.

You will receive 4 additional points (for a total of 6 points) for each U.S. dollar of eligible purchases charged on your Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express Card when charged directly with participating Marriott Bonvoy properties, standalone Marriott branded retail establishments, and Marriott branded online stores (including online purchases of Marriott branded gift cards) that, in each case, are wholly owned or managed by Marriott International, Inc and its affiliates. Eligible purchases means purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, person-to-person transactions, the purchase or reloading of prepaid cards, and purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional terms and restrictions apply. Points received from your Card will be posted to your Marriott Bonvoy member account up to 12 weeks after the end of each month. Points may appear in your account in more than one deposit. To be eligible to receive points, the Card Account must not be cancelled or in default at the time of bonus fulfillment.

Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. We group certain merchant codes into categories that are eligible for additional points. A purchase with a merchant will not receive additional points if the merchant's code is not included in a reward category. You may not receive additional points if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify your purchase as eligible for a reward category. For example, you may not receive additional points when: a merchant uses a third-party to sell their products or services; or a merchant uses a third-party to process or submit your transaction to us (e.g., using mobile or wireless card readers); or you choose to make a purchase using a third-party payment account or make a purchase using a mobile or digital wallet. Please visit americanexpress.com/rewards-info for more information about rewards.

Account Manager
Account Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.

Adding an Additional Card Member
Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. They must be at least 13 years of age and never had a defaulted account with American Express. Additional Card Member may not be the same individual as the Basic Card Member or as another Additional Card Member on the same account. You are responsible for the activity and use of your Account by Additional Card Members. You must pay for all charges they make.

Air+Car Transfer Program
Participating airlines, car rental companies, and conversion rates are subject to change. See www.airandcar.marriott.com for full program details.

American Express Venue Collection™
The American Express Venue Collection provides American Express® Card Members with a Consumer or Business American Express Card issued by American Express in the US with access to a set of benefits at stadiums and arenas for select events. American Express cards issued by third-party financial institutions, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Debit Cards, and American Express Prepaid Cards are not eligible. All benefits are subject to specific terms & conditions. Some benefits will be fulfilled by the venue and are subject to terms & conditions set by the venue, as applicable. Benefits cannot be redeemed for cash, transferred, or substituted. Void where prohibited by law. For more information, including specific benefit terms & conditions and venues included as part of the collection, please visit americanexpress.com/venues.

American Express Venue Collection™ Concessions Statement Credit
Eligible Card Members can earn 10% back (up to $250) in statement credits per calendar year after using their enrolled Card to make qualifying food and beverage concessions purchases at stadiums and arenas in the American Express Venue Collection™. Limit one enrolled Card per Card Member. Offer ends 12/31/2026.

By enrolling in this offer, you agree to these terms and the Amex Offers™ Program Terms.

Eligibility and Enrollment​

Eligible Card Members must first add offer to Card and then use that same enrolled Card to make qualifying purchases. Only Consumer and Business American Express Cards issued by American Express in the US are eligible for this offer. American Express Prepaid Cards, Corporate Cards, Debit Cards, and American Express-branded Cards issued by other financial institutions are not eligible for this offer. Additional Cards on an eligible Card account are also eligible to enroll in this offer; however, any rewards or credits earned will be applied to the Basic Card Member's account. Each eligible Card must enroll separately in this offer and must individually make a qualifying purchase to earn a statement credit.

Limit one enrollment per Card Member regardless of whether a Card Member has more than one eligible Card. Offers are non-transferable. Card Members must select one eligible Card to enroll and enrollment of an eligible Card in this offer extends only to that Card.

Limit of $250 back in total statement credits on that enrolled Card each calendar year. Offer ends December 31, 2026.

Qualifying Purchases

Offer only valid on qualifying food and beverage concessions purchases at participating stadiums and arenas in the American Express Venue Collection™ ("Participating Venues"). Participating Venues and qualifying purchases are subject to change, and an up-to-date list can be found at go.amex/venue-concessions-us. Please review this list prior to making a purchase at a Participating Venue. Qualifying Purchases must be made during the offer period with your enrolled American Express Card and in an amount totaling at least $0.01 USD as posted to your account, following conversion from a foreign currency, if applicable, in accordance with your Card Member Agreement.

Offer not valid on purchases made using third parties, such as resellers, delivery services, or other intermediaries.

Statement Credit

If you meet the offer requirements, the statement credit(s) will typically post to your account within 30 days after you make a qualifying purchase, provided that American Express receives information from the merchant about your qualifying purchase. In some circumstances, it may take up to 90 days after the qualifying purchase for statement credit(s) to post. Please call the number on the back of your Card with any questions about this offer, including questions regarding enrollment or qualifying purchases, or if credit(s) have not posted to your account 30 days after you made the qualifying purchase. Accounts that are canceled at the time of fulfillment of the offer will not receive the credit(s). Credit(s) may not be received or may be reversed if an eligible purchase is returned, partially returned, refunded, canceled or modified. The 10% back in the form of statement credit(s), up to $250 in total statement credits per calendar year, is calculated based off the total amount of a qualifying purchase made in US dollars or following conversion to US dollars from a foreign currency, if applicable.

American Express Venue Collection™ Entrances and Fast Lanes
American Express Card Member entrances and/or fast lanes are available at venues in the American Express Venue Collection. Card Member entrances and fast lanes may not be available for all events; hours of availability may vary and are subject to change. Entrances and fast lanes may be modified or discontinued at any time and without notice. Card Members must have a valid ticket to the event and can access the Card Member entrance or fast lane by presenting a valid American Express Card in the Card Member's name. The number of guests that may accompany a Card Member through a Card Member entrance of fast lane may vary by venue. Additional terms may apply by venue and by event (including, without limitation, security protocols). American Express does not operate the Card Member entrances or fast lanes; the applicable venue operates the entrance. Venue personnel reserve the right to not allow Card Members and their guests admittance through the Card Member entrance or fast lane for any reason, including, without limitation, not adhering to security protocols. To learn more about a specific venue, please visit americanexpress.com/venues.

American Express® App
The American Express® App and app features are available only for eligible accounts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible.

To log in, customers must have an American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.

Amex Offers
To redeem an Amex Offer®, eligible Card Members must first enroll in the offer through their online account or in the American Express® App and then use their enrolled Card to make a qualifying purchase. Only U.S.-issued American Express Consumer and Business Cards may be eligible to participate. Card Members can check their eligibility by visiting the Amex Offers section of their online account. American Express, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to determine eligibility for the Amex Offers program and may revoke access or enrollment if we determine that you have engaged, or are likely to engage, in abuse, misuse, or gaming of the program. Please review the terms of each offer for details on how to redeem. By enrolling in an offer, you agree that American Express may use your transaction and personal information to administer the offer, communicate with you about it, and facilitate your experience in accordance with the American Express Privacy Statement. You also consent to receiving electronic communications from American Express, including email, app notifications, and other digital messages, related to your enrolled offers and the Amex Offers program.

By enrolling in an offer, you agree to the individual offer terms and Program Terms. See individual offer terms below, and full Program Terms.

Amex Preferred Tickets™
Eligible American Express® Card Members may purchase Amex Preferred Tickets™ for select events and select seats, during a specified period while supplies last. Tickets are sold by and fulfilled by third party ticket sellers (not American Express), and such tickets are subject to the rules, terms and conditions, prices and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue. When purchasing tickets, enter the 10-digit customer service phone number on the back of your eligible Card when prompted. Tickets must be purchased using one of the following U.S.-issued American Express Cards: Consumer, Business, or Corporate Platinum Card® or Centurion® Card; Consumer or Business Delta SkyMiles® Platinum Card; Consumer or Business Delta SkyMiles® Reserve Card; Consumer, Business, or Corporate Gold Card; Classic Business Gold Card; Business Gold Rewards Card; Executive Business Card; Hilton Honors American Express Surpass® Card; Hilton Honors Aspire Card; Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® Card; Marriott Bonvoy Bevy® Card; Marriott Bonvoy® Card; The Platinum Card® from American Express Exclusively for Morgan Stanley; The Platinum Card® from American Express Exclusively for Charles Schwab; The Platinum Card® from American Express for Goldman Sachs; or The Centurion® Card from American Express Exclusively for Goldman Sachs. Tickets are subject to availability and supply may be limited. Not all seats may be offered; purchase limits, and blackout dates may apply. Refunds, exchanges, and resale may be prohibited by the ticket seller.

Amex Presale Tickets®
American Express® Card Members have access to purchase Amex Presale Tickets® for select events and select seats, during a specified period prior to the general on-sale dates for those events. Tickets must be purchased using an American Express Card. An American Express Prepaid Card cannot be used to purchase tickets. Amex Presale Tickets® are sold by and fulfilled by third party ticket sellers (not American Express), and such tickets are subject to the rules, terms and conditions, prices and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue. Amex Presale Tickets® are subject to availability and supply may be limited. Not all seats may be offered; purchase limits and blackout dates may apply. Refunds, exchanges, and resale may be prohibited by the ticket seller. For more information, please visit americanexpress.com/entertainment.

Amex Reserved Tickets®
American Express® Card Members have access to purchase Amex Reserved Tickets® for select events and select seats, during a specified period. Tickets must be purchased using an American Express Card. An American Express Prepaid Card cannot be used to purchase tickets. Amex Reserved Tickets® are sold by and fulfilled by third-party ticket sellers (not American Express), and such tickets are subject to the rules, terms and conditions, prices and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue. Amex Reserved Tickets® are subject to availability and supply may be limited. Not all seats may be offered; purchase limits and blackout dates may apply. Refunds, exchanges, and resale may be prohibited by the ticket seller. For more information, please visit americanexpress.com/entertainment.

Brand Trademarks
©2026 Marriott International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All names, marks and logos are trademarks of Marriott International, Inc. or its affiliates, unless otherwise noted.

Brilliant Earned Choice Award
If, in any calendar year of Card Membership, your total eligible purchases on your Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express® Card reach or exceed $60,000 ("Purchase Requirement"), you will be eligible to select one of the following benefits as part of the Brilliant Earned Choice Award. The available benefit options include:

• Five Nightly Upgrade Awards™ (Formerly Suite Night Awards™)
• Free Night Award with a redemption value up to 85K points
• One-time deposit of 50K Marriott Bonvoy points

The list of available Brilliant Earned Choice Award benefit options is subject to change without notice and at any time. See choice-benefit.marriott.com/brilliant for more information.

Eligible purchases to meet the Purchase Requirement includes goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of other cash equivalents. This benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member on the Card Account and only one Brilliant Earned Choice Award may be earned each calendar year per Card Account. Purchases by both the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on the Card Account are eligible toward the Purchase Requirement. To qualify for the Brilliant Earned Choice Award, your Card account must be open and not in default at the time the Award is earned.

Once you reach the Purchase Requirement for the Brilliant Earned Choice Award, you can select from one of the available benefits by visiting https://www.choice-benefit.marriott.com/brilliant. Your selection must be made online through this website and may not be made through Marriott Bonvoy Member Support. Once an Earned Choice Award has been selected and redeemed, whether in full or in part, you cannot select a different benefit.

You must select your earned Brilliant Earned Choice Award benefit by February 1st of the year following when you reached the Purchase Requirement. In the event that you reach the Purchase Requirement for the Brilliant Earned Choice Award and fail to select a Brilliant Earned Choice Award by 11:59 pm EST February 1st of the year following when you reached the Purchase Requirement, you will automatically receive the Five Nightly Upgrade Awards as your Brilliant Earned Choice Award benefit. For any questions on your benefit selection, you may call Marriott Bonvoy Member Support.

1. Five Nightly Upgrade Awards

• Each Nightly Upgrade Award may be redeemed for advance confirmable upgrades for select Premium Rooms or suites on a per room, per night basis, subject to availability.
• It may take up to 8-12 weeks for Five Nightly Upgrade Awards to be deposited into the Marriott Bonvoy® member account after the Card Member selects this benefit.
• Five (5) days prior to check-in, the property will begin checking for availability for Nightly Upgrade Award redemption, except for EDITION, the Ritz-Carlton, and the St. Regis where checking for availability will begin at three (3) days prior to arrival. If the hotel cannot confirm availability by 2 pm local time one (1) day prior to arrival, the awards are credited back to the member's account if they have not expired.
• Nightly Upgrade Awards may be used on eligible paid stays as well as Award Redemption Stays.
• One Nightly Upgrade Award is required per room per night. Nightly Upgrade Awards may be used only when there are enough in the Card Member's Marriott Bonvoy® member account so that one is applied to every night of the reservation. For example, if a Card Member books a stay for one room for three nights, they must have three Nightly Upgrade Awards to apply this benefit to the reservation.
• A Nightly Upgrade Award is required for each night of the stay including any nights that may be designated "free" such as the Stay for 5, Pay for 4 Offer.
• Nightly Upgrade Awards are valid through December 31st of the year following the year in which the Brilliant Earned Choice Award was earned.
• Not all Participating Properties participate in Nightly Upgrade Awards and Nightly Upgrade Awards are not redeemable at properties that do not participate in Marriot Bonvoy. See choice-benefit.marriott.com/brilliant for details.

2. Free Night Award

• The Free Night Award has a redemption value of up to 85K points for one standard room. Certain resort fees may apply.
• It may take up to 8-12 weeks for the Free Night Award to be deposited into the Marriott Bonvoy® member account after the Card Member selects this benefit.
• Award is only available to the Basic Card Member on the account. Award is valid for one (1) year from issuance date. Award may not be transferred, extended beyond the expiration date, or re-credited for points.
• Free Night Award Redemption is subject to availability. Participating hotels may limit the number of standard rooms available for redemption on a limited number of days.

3. 50K Marriott Bonvoy Bonus Points

• Points will appear on the Marriott Bonvoy Member Account associated with the Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express® Card 8–12 weeks after selection. Points may appear on your account in more than one deposit. To receive the points, your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment.
• A Member may redeem Points for a variety of Award Redemptions, see https://www.marriott.com/loyalty/redeem.mi for available options. Award Redemptions are subject to Marriott Bonvoy's terms and conditions, see https://www.marriott.com/loyalty/terms/default.mi#redeem for full details.

American Express is not responsible for fulfillment of Brilliant Earned Choice Award redemptions. Redemptions are subject to the terms and conditions of Marriott Bonvoy®. For more information about your Brilliant Earned Choice Award benefit redemption options and for full terms and conditions, visit choice-benefit.marriott.com/brilliant.

Cell Phone Protection
Coverage is provided by New Hampshire Insurance Company, an AIG Company, at no-additional-cost to Card Membership. Coverage is subject to certain terms, conditions, and limitations, including limitations on the amount of coverage. Coverage is excess of any other applicable insurance or indemnity available to you. Coverage is limited only to those amounts not covered by any other insurance or indemnity. For more information about the coverage, please see the Guide to Benefits at americanexpress.com/CPPTerms.

Destination Family
Benefits are valid for new bookings of eligible cruises or tour packages made through American Express Travel with participating travel providers using an eligible U.S. Consumer, Business, Corporate American Express® Card. Payment must be made with the eligible Card, and that Card Member must travel on the itinerary booked. Benefits may not be available to residents outside the 50 United States. Benefits apply per booking, not per traveler and cannot be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates may apply. Participating travel providers and benefits are subject to change and vary by travel provider. Benefits are non-transferable, subject to availability, and cannot be redeemed for cash, cash-equivalents, or credit.

Dispute Resolution
Not all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.

Fee Credit for Global Entry or TSA PreCheck®
Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express® Card Members are eligible to receive one statement credit every 4 years for the Global Entry application fee or for the TSA PreCheck application fee (when applying through a TSA official enrollment provider), in each case when charged to their eligible Card. Card Members will receive a statement credit for the first program (either Global Entry or TSA PreCheck) to which they apply and pay for a five year program with their eligible Card. The charge for the application fee can be made by the Basic Card Member or any Additional Card Members on a single Card account. The Card Account can receive no more than one credit for up to $85 for TSA PreCheck or $120 credit for Global Entry (but not both programs), depending on the program for which the Card Member first applies. American Express has no control over the application and/or approval process for Global Entry or TSA PreCheck, and does not have access to any information provided to the government by the Card Member or by the government to the Card Member. American Express has no liability regarding the Global Entry or TSA PreCheck programs. U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) (for Global Entry) and U.S. Transportation Security Administration (TSA) (for TSA PreCheck) charge an application fee to process each respective application regardless of whether the Card Member's application is approved. The Department of Homeland Security may suspend acceptance of applications on any basis at its discretion. American Express will provide a statement credit for the application fee regardless of the decision made by CBP (for Global Entry) or TSA (for TSA PreCheck) but will not provide a statement credit for subsequent application fees charged to the same eligible Card within four years, even if the original application is rejected.

Membership for Global Entry or TSA PreCheck is per person, and a separate application must be completed for each individual.

For additional information on the Global Entry and TSA PreCheck programs, including information regarding the application and/or approval process and for a list of participating airlines and airports, as well as the full terms and conditions of the programs, please go to www.globalentry.gov for Global Entry and www.tsa.gov for TSA PreCheck. The Global Entry and TSA PreCheck programs are subject to change, and American Express has no control over those changes.

The statement credit benefit applies to the Global Entry or TSA PreCheck programs only. Other program applications including, but not limited to, NEXUS, SENTRI, FAST and Privium are not eligible for the statement credit benefit.

Please allow up to 8 weeks after the qualifying Global Entry or TSA PreCheck transaction is charged to the eligible Card account for the statement credit to be posted to the Card account. Statement credits may not be received or may be reversed if an eligible purchase is returned, refunded, cancelled, or modified. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive the statement credit. If you do not see a credit for a qualifying purchase on your eligible Card after 8 weeks, simply call the number on the back of your Card. Card Members are responsible for payment of all application charges until the statement credit posts to the Card account. American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. The transaction date may differ from the date you made the purchase if, for example, there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date. American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify eligible Global Entry and TSA PreCheck purchases. If American Express does not receive information that identifies your transaction as eligible for this benefit, the Basic Card Member will not receive the statement credit. Basic Card Members may not receive the statement credit if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify your purchase as eligible, if a transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party (such as an app store), or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it.

If the Card Account is canceled or past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card.

Free Night Award (up to 85k Marriott Bonvoy® points)
Each year, after renewal of your Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express® Card, you will receive one Free Night Award from Marriott Bonvoy®. The Free Night Award can be redeemed for a one-night stay inclusive of room rate and applicable taxes at participating Marriott Bonvoy hotels with a redemption level at or under 85,000 Marriott Bonvoy points. Limit one Free Night Award per year of membership.

The Card Member may be responsible for payment of additional mandatory resort fees at properties where resort fees are applicable, and is responsible for all incidental charges. This benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member on the Card Account.

The Free Night Award will be automatically deposited into your Marriott Bonvoy member account within 8-12 weeks after your renewal month. If your account anniversary month changes (for example, due to a card replacement) your Free Night Award will be triggered within your new renewal month and available within 8-12 weeks. You will receive an email from Marriott Bonvoy to the email address listed on your Marriott Bonvoy member account confirming that the Free Night Award has been deposited into your Marriott Bonvoy member account. The email will also provide instructions on how to redeem your Free Night Award. To redeem the Free Night Award, you must log into your Marriott Bonvoy member account and apply the Free Night Award during booking. The Free Night Award will expire one (1) year from issuance. Your Free Night Award may not be combined with cash when redeeming for your free night but you are able to redeem or purchase up to 25,000 Marriott Bonvoy points to expand the value of your Free Night Award in accordance with the Marriott Bonvoy Terms and Conditions located at https://www.marriott.com/loyalty/terms/default.mi. Your Free Night Award may not be transferred, extended beyond the expiration date, or re-credited for points. To qualify for the Free Night Award, your account must be open and not in default at the time of the Free Night Award issuance. Free Night Award redemption is subject to availability. Participating hotels may limit the number of standard rooms available for redemption on a limited number of days. For complete limitations and exclusions, please visit www.marriott.com/loyalty/redeem.mi.

Please visit https://www.marriott.com/loyalty/terms/default.mi#participatingpropertiesandbrands for a list of participating properties. American Express is not responsible for fulfillment of Free Night Award redemptions.

Redemptions are subject to the terms and conditions of Marriott Bonvoy.

Instant Card Number
Instant Card Number eligibility is based on our ability to instantly authenticate you. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receive an Instant Card Number that you may be able to use virtually anywhere American Express is accepted and a physical Card will not be required. In certain instances, you may not be able to use your Instant Card Number at a select merchant (for example, if the merchant requires your physical Card). You may not have access to your full credit line until after you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your physical Card within 5-7 business days of account approval.

Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee
Valid only for American Express Card Members. If you book a qualifying hotel rate on amextravel.com or the Amex Travel App™ and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults, the same rate type and cancellation policy at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. For prepaid reservations, your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. For verification of "pay later" hotel bookings, your claim must be submitted within thirty (30) days after you have completed the hotel stay, and the customer service representative may instruct you to mail a copy of your hotel receipt to American Express within that time period. American Express will honor the lower price for verified requests. The "Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee" policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, or (4) rates booked through the Fine Hotels + Resorts® and The Hotel Collection programs. Details

Marriott Bonvoy Moments™
Marriott Bonvoy Moments™ is an exclusive program for Marriott Bonvoy members where Marriott Bonvoy points can be transformed into once-in-a-lifetime experiences. Events have included coveted VIP tickets to the hottest concerts of the year, championship sporting events, and red carpet premieres. Marriott Bonvoy members may use points to bid on or redeem for experiences on marriottbonvoy.com/moments. Offer based on first-come, first-served with limited space available or while supplies last. Employees of Marriott International, Inc. are ineligible to use points for Marriott Bonvoy Moments™.

Marriott Bonvoy® Member Base Earn
Marriott Bonvoy® members earn up to ten (10) base Marriott Bonvoy points for each U.S. dollar, or the currency equivalent, that is incurred and paid for on Qualifying Charges at hotels which participate in Marriott Bonvoy. Certain exclusions and limitations apply. For more information and complete Marriott Bonvoy Loyalty Program Terms and Conditions, visit marriottbonvoy.com/terms.

Marriott Bonvoy® Platinum Elite Status
Basic Card Members will receive complimentary Marriott Bonvoy Platinum Elite status with their Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express® Card. This complimentary Platinum Elite status benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member. Please allow up to 12 weeks from account open date for your initial Platinum Elite status to be applied to your Marriott Bonvoy® account. If your Card is cancelled for any reason, the complimentary Platinum Elite status provided with the Card will be cancelled. For more information about Platinum Elite status and complete Terms and Conditions, visit marriottbonvoy.com/terms.

Marriott Bonvoy® Platinum Elite Status / Marriott Bonvoy® Points Earned
A Marriott Bonvoy® Platinum Elite member will earn 50% more points on eligible purchases at hotels participating in Marriott Bonvoy for each U.S. dollar or the currency equivalent that is incurred and paid for by the member.

Marriott Bonvoy® Silver, Gold, Platinum Elite Status
Marriott Bonvoy® Elite status benefits may vary by property; see https://www.marriott.com/loyalty/member-benefits.mi for additional details. The Marriott Bonvoy program, including the benefits of Marriott Bonvoy Elite status benefits, are subject to the Marriott Bonvoy Loyalty Program Terms and Conditions, available at https://www.marriott.com/loyalty/terms/default.mi.

No Foreign Transaction Fees
American Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.

Pay It Plan It®
Pay It®
Pay It® is only available in the American Express® App for your eligible Account. With the Pay It feature, you can make a payment equal to the amount of a billed purchase less than $100. Payments made with Pay It are not applied to that billed purchase but to your outstanding balance in accordance with how we apply payments.

Your Account is eligible for Pay It if you are a Basic Card Member or Additional Card Member of a Card account issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express that is not canceled, excluding Accounts that do not have either a Credit Limit or the Pay Over Time feature. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.

Plan It®
With Plan It®, you can create up to 10 active payment plans, each subject to a plan fee. The plan fee is a fixed finance charge that will be charged each month that the corresponding plan is active. You will be offered 1-3 plan duration options for the qualifying purchase. The plan duration options can vary based on a variety of factors such as the purchase amount, your Account history and your creditworthiness. If you are enrolled in an intro or promotional APR, you may see limited plan duration options during the intro or promotional period when you use Plan It on your Account. If you create a plan during an introductory or promotional APR period, your plan fee will be based on the introductory or promotional APR as long as the plan is created before 11:59pm MST on the last day of the introductory or promotional period.

To create a plan, select qualifying purchases of $100 or more and a plan duration. If you have a Card with a Credit Limit, you may also be able to select a qualifying amount of $100 or more and a plan duration. When creating a plan for purchases, you may select up to 10 qualifying purchases for each plan. Qualifying purchases will be identified in your American Express online Account and American Express App. Qualifying purchases (or a qualifying amount, if you have a Card with a Credit Limit) do not include purchases of cash or cash equivalents, balance transfers (if offered), purchases subject to Foreign Transaction Fees, or any fee owed to us, including Annual Membership fees. Unless you are creating a plan at checkout, please allow 2-3 days for your purchase to post to your Account. Once your purchase posts and is no longer pending, you can create a plan for that purchase.

Your ability to create plans will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, and your Credit Limit or Pay Over Time Limit, as applicable. The Pay Over Time Limit applies to the total of your Pay Over Time, Cash Advance, and Plan balances. You may not be able to create a plan if it would cause you to exceed your Pay Over Time Limit or cause your Plan balance to exceed 95% of your Account Total New Balance on your last billing statement. You will not be able to create plans if your Pay Over Time feature is suspended or your Account is canceled. You will also not be able to create plans if one or more of your American Express Accounts is enrolled in a payment program, has a payment that is returned unpaid, or is past due. The number and length of plan duration options offered to you, the number of active plans you can have at a time, and your ability to include multiple qualifying purchases in a single plan, will be at our discretion and will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, the purchase amount(s), and your Account history. After a plan is paid in full, it will be removed from your Account in the next billing period.

Plan It is available on Card Accounts issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express, excluding Accounts that do not have either a Credit Limit or the Pay Over Time feature. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Managers on the Account can create a plan. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded Cards or Account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.
Premium Global Assist® Hotline
While Premium Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members may be responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. Premium Global Assist Hotline may provide emergency medical transportation assistance at no cost if approved and coordinated by Premium Global Assist Hotline. For full Terms and Conditions call 1-800-345-AMEX or see americanexpress.com/GAterms.

Premium on-property Internet Access
For primary Card Members only, available at participating Marriott Bonvoy hotels. Marriott Bonvoy member account number must be provided at the time of reservation. Premium Internet access is limited to one room per eligible Card Member per stay regardless of how many rooms have been reserved. Some exclusions apply (www.marriottbonvoy.com/terms).

Priority Pass™ Select
These Terms and Conditions govern Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express® Card Members' participation in and use of the Priority Pass™ Select program. Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express® Card Members must enroll in the Priority Pass™ Select program through the benefits section of their americanexpress.com account or by calling the number on the back of their Card to receive the benefit. Priority Pass is an independent airport lounge access program. At any visit to a Priority Pass Select lounge that admits guests, you may bring in two guests for no charge. After two guests, you will be automatically charged the guest visit fee equal to the guest visit fee of the Priority Pass Standard program for each additional guest. Some lounges do not admit guests. By enrolling in Priority Pass Select, you agree that you will be responsible for any additional accompanying guest visits and that your Card will be automatically charged after you have signed for the additional guest visit and it has been reported to Priority Pass by the participating lounge. Additionally, you acknowledge and agree that American Express will verify your Card account number and provide updated Card account information to Priority Pass. Priority Pass will use this information to fulfill on the Priority Pass Select program and may use this information for marketing related to the program. Once enrolled, Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express® Card Members whose Card account is not cancelled may access participating Priority Pass Select lounges by presenting your Priority Pass Select card and airline boarding pass. In some lounges, Priority Pass Select member must be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. Priority Pass Select members must adhere to all house rules of participating lounges. Amenities may vary among airport lounge locations. Conference rooms, where available, may be reserved for a nominal fee. Priority Pass Select lounge partners and locations are subject to change. All Priority Pass Select members must adhere to the Priority Pass Conditions of Use, which will be sent to you with your membership package, and can be viewed at www.prioritypass.com/select. Upon receipt of your enrollment information, Priority Pass will send your Priority Pass Select card and membership package, which you should receive within 10–14 business days. If you have not received the Priority Pass card after 14 days, please contact American Express using the number on the back of your Card. Please note, Additional Card Members are not eligible for membership. To receive immediate access to lounges after your enrollment in Priority Pass Select has been processed, you can activate your membership online by using your Priority Pass Select membership details to receive a Digital Membership Card. For a step-by-step guide on the activation process, visit prioritypass.com/activation.

Effective May 19, 2026, guest visit fees may be automatically charged to your Card or paid during the check-in process at the Priority Pass lounge, as instructed by check-in staff at the Priority Pass lounge.

Effective June 22, 2026, you acknowledge and agree that American Express will verify your email address and provide that information to Priority Pass. Priority Pass will use this information to fulfill the Priority Pass program and may use this information for marketing related to the program. Upon receipt of your enrollment information, Priority Pass will send you (a) email instructions to receive your Priority Pass Digital Membership Card or (b) a membership package by mail within 10-14 business days containing your physical Priority Pass Card. Once enrolled in Priority Pass, Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express® Card Members whose Card account is not cancelled may access participating Priority Pass lounges by presenting their valid physical Priority Pass Card or their Priority Pass Digital Membership Card and airline boarding pass. Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express® Card Members may be able to enter select Priority Pass lounges by presenting their valid physical Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express® Card and airline boarding pass. Check-in staff at the Priority Pass Lounge will be able to advise if this check-in method is available.

Redeem Marriott Bonvoy® points for free nights
Marriott Bonvoy® points redeemed for a free night include the cost of a standard room and applicable taxes only. Some hotels may have resort fees and other mandatory fees. Please contact hotel or resort for complete details. Points required per night are updated continuously and may change at any time. If the Card Member makes a modification to the Award Redemption Stay, the Card Member is responsible for the changes to the points required. For complete information on reward stays, visit www.marriott.com/loyalty/redeem.mi.

Return Protection
Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.

Seller of Travel
American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. is acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers and is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. Certain suppliers pay us commission and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals and may provide incentives to our Travel Consultants. For more information visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms.

California CST#1022318; Washington UBI#600-469-694

Send & Split®
Send & Split® is only available in the American Express® App ("Amex App") to Card Members with an eligible Card. Eligible Cards are US-issued Basic Consumer Cards that are issued by American Express National Bank and are not cancelled. Prepaid Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards, American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions and American Express Cards issued outside of the United States are not eligible Cards. To use Send & Split, you must first have an email address on file, enroll in Send & Split® in your American Express Online Account ("Online Account") and open an Amex Send® stored balance account ("Send Account"). You must have or create an account with Venmo or PayPal and link your Online Account to your PayPal or Venmo account to use Send & Split. You must add money to your Send Account from your eligible Card(s) to use Send & Split to send a Venmo or PayPal recipient. The charge on your Card for an Add Money transaction does not earn rewards and is subject to the Card's purchase APR. There is no fee to send funds to US recipients. PayPal charges a fee to send funds to non-US recipients.

For complete details visit americanexpress.com/sendandsplitterms to view Terms & Conditions. Send Account issued by American Express National Bank, Member FDIC.

Spending Limits
When you request that we apply a limit as described below on Charges incurred by an Additional Card Member on your Account, you agree to these terms. These terms supplement, and are incorporated by reference into, the terms of your Card Member Agreement.

At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of Purchases, during each billing period, that are charged to Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of cash access transactions at ATMs, during each billing period, that are made using Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guarantee that the Additional Card Member will be able to make Purchases or cash access transactions up to the applicable limit. In applying any limit we will not take into account any credits (such as for returned merchandise or for payments), even if a credit relates to a Purchase made by the Additional Card Member. Any request that we change a limit may not be effective until a subsequent billing period. Any Charges (as defined below) incurred by the Additional Card Member prior to the date during a billing period that we apply the limit will not be subject to the limit for that billing period.

Because of systems or administrative considerations, arrangements with merchants, or for other business reasons, we may, but are not required to, treat some Purchases and/or cash access transactions (collectively, Charges) as not being subject to any such limits. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. While we typically require merchants to obtain an authorization for purchases and submit final transaction documentation for payment in a timely manner, a limit may not apply or may be exceeded when a merchant does not obtain an authorization for any reason; when a merchant obtains an authorization for a partial amount of the final charge submitted to us for payment; or when such submissions are not submitted or processed at the same time that the authorization is obtained. Examples may include, but are not limited to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in duty-free stores, or on board airplanes or cruise vessels; international airline ticket Purchases; vehicle rentals; lodging stays extended beyond original reservation period; certain mail order Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurring basis; Purchases at gas stations; telecommunications charges, including charges incurred with calling cards; taxicab charges; security deposits; late, damage or other fees in connection with rentals; Purchases billed in installments; restaurant tips and other gratuities; and Charges that occur before the end of billing period, if the Charge is posted to your Account after the Closing Date of that billing period. Any limit will not be applied to Charges for foreign currency or for travelers cheques or gift cheques obtained other than by telephone from us.

The Spending Limit for the Additional Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Limit is set on the Additional Card, spending capacity on this Card will be subject to the Basic Card Member's account terms and conditions.

Transfer Marriott Bonvoy® points to Airline Program
Marriott International, Inc. will add 5,000 bonus miles for every 60,000 points you transfer to airlines miles. For a list of participating airlines, transfer ratios, and full program details, go to marriottbonvoy.com. Participating airlines and transfer ratios are subject to change. Check with your frequent flyer program for details on redemption of airline miles.

Trip Cancellation and Interruption Insurance
Coverage is provided by New Hampshire Insurance Company, an AIG Company, at no-additional-cost to the Card Member. Coverage is subject to certain terms, conditions and limitations, including limitations on the amount of coverage. This benefit provides secondary coverage. For more information about the coverage, please see the Guide to Benefits at americanexpress.com/TCITerms.

Trip Delay Insurance
Coverage is provided by New Hampshire Insurance Company, an AIG Company, at no-additional-cost to the Card Member. Coverage is subject to certain terms, conditions and limitations, including limitations on the amount of coverage. This benefit provides secondary coverage. For more information about the coverage, please see the Guide to Benefits at americanexpress.com/TDTerms.

Year-End Summary
The Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.

AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURES
For important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguide

Baggage Insurance Plan
Baggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions.  For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms. If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.

Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance
Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms. If You have any questions about a specific vehicle, please call Us at 1-800-338-1670, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.

Extended Warranty
Extended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions.  For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms. If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.

Purchase Protection
Purchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions.  For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms. If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.