IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATION
INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGES
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Pay Over Time

19.49% to 28.49%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening.

This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

28.74%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

Penalty APR and When it Applies

29.99%

This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

We have the right to apply the penalty APR to new transactions in a Pay Over Time balance if:
• you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due (or Amount Due, if applicable) by the Payment Due Date; or
• your payment is returned by your bank

and we will notify you if we do.

How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the penalty APR is applied, it will apply for at least 6 months. We will review your Account every 6 months after the penalty APR is applied. The penalty APR will continue to apply until you have made timely payments with no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.

Paying Interest

Your Payment Due Date is at least 25 calendar days after the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest on charges automatically added to a Pay Over Time balance if each month you pay your Account Total New Balance on your billing statement (or, if you have a Plan balance, your Adjusted Balance on your billing statement) by the Payment Due Date. If you have Cash Advance on your Account, we will begin charging interest on cash advances on the transaction date.

Plan Fee (Fixed Finance Charge)

A monthly plan fee up to 1.33% of each purchase placed in a plan based on: either the APR that would otherwise apply to that purchase (for purchases in a Pay Over Time balance), the APR that applies to the Pay Over Time feature at the time you create the plan (for purchases in a Pay In Full balance), or the lower of the two APRs (for purchases that are divided between a Pay Over Time balance and a Pay In Full balance); the plan duration; and other factors.

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

Fees
Annual Fee
$895

Transaction Fees	
Cash Advance	Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Foreign Transaction	None
Penalty Fees	
Late Payment	Up to $40.
Returned Payment	Up to $40.

How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance method (including new purchases)."
Variable APRs will not exceed 29.99%.

Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. If The Wall Street Journal is no longer published or stops publishing the Prime Rate, we may use the Prime Rate published in another newspaper of general circulation. If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs (and corresponding DPRs) will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and may have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period during which the Prime Rate has changed. Variable APRs are accurate as of 07/03/26.



TERMS AND CONDITIONS

View the full Card Member Agreement.


By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account in your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents.

You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it.

When you use your Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to the account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. We may change the Card Member Agreement subject to applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competitive environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cannot change certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership.

Additional Cards (including Companion Cards, if available):
Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement, must be at least 13 years of age and never had a default account with American Express. Additional Card Member may not be the same individual as the Basic Card Member or as another Additional Card Member on the same account. You are responsible for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to give Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it with them.

Cash advance at ATMs:
We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.

USA PATRIOT Act Notice:
Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.

Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents:
No provision of any marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wisconsin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, prior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agreement or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decree.

New York Residents:
New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Department of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov

Notice to California Residents:
An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.

Notice to Delaware Residents:
Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.

Notice to Oregon Residents:
Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time.

Notice to Ohio Residents:
The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.




The Platinum Card is issued by American Express National Bank. ©2026 American Express National Bank.
POID KBFX:9938

OFFER TERMS
You may not be eligible to receive a welcome offer if you have or have had this Card, the Platinum Card® from American Express Exclusively for Charles Schwab, the Platinum Card® from American Express Exclusively for Morgan Stanley or previous versions of these Cards. You also may not be eligible to receive a welcome offer based on various factors, such as your history with credit card balance transfers, your history as an American Express Card Member, the number of credit cards that you have opened and closed and other factors. If you are not eligible for a welcome offer, we will notify you prior to processing your application so you have the option to withdraw your application.

As High As 175,000 Membership Rewards® points Welcome Offer
After you submit your application and before you accept the Card (if you are approved), we will tell you the exact amount of Membership Rewards® points which you are eligible to earn with your Welcome Offer, which will be an amount as high as 175,000 points. You can earn these points after you spend $12,000 (the "Threshold Amount") or more in eligible purchases on your Platinum Card® from American Express within the first 6 months of Card Membership starting from the date your account is opened. Eligible purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a Card Account. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include: fees or interest charges; purchases of travelers checks; purchases or reloading of prepaid cards; purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments; or purchases of other cash equivalents. Points will be credited to your Membership Rewards account within 8-12 weeks after you meet the Threshold Amount. Your Card Account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment of any offers.

If we determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this offer in any way or that you intend to do so, including if you return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount, we may not credit, we may freeze, or we may take away the Membership Rewards® points from your Card Account. We may also cancel any Card Accounts you have with us.

Your period to spend $12,000 may be shorter than 6 months depending on when you receive your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 6 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction (for example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). Points will be credited to your Membership Rewards account within 8-12 weeks after you meet the Threshold Amount. In rare circumstances, you may need to pay down your balance during the billing cycle to help free up your spending capacity to make purchases to meet the Threshold Amount. It may take a few days after payment for your spending capacity to be updated.

Offers may vary and you may see different offers in different advertisements. To take advantage of this specific offer, apply through this advertisement. This offer is not transferable. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke this offer at any time.

Terms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more information. Participating partners and available rewards are subject to change without notice.

The value of Membership Rewards points varies according to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.

The annual fee for the Platinum Card® is $895. The annual fee for each Additional Platinum Card is $195. There is no annual fee for Companion Platinum Cards.

BENEFIT TERMS
The following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.

$120 Uber One Credit
Basic Card Members on U.S. Consumer Platinum Accounts are eligible to receive up to $120 in statement credits per calendar year on Uber One membership fees charged to an eligible Card. Purchases by both the Basic Card Member and Additional Card Members on the eligible Card Account are eligible for statement credits. However, statement credits will not exceed $120 per calendar year per Card Account. Valid on both monthly and annual Uber One membership purchases. Benefit is available for Uber One memberships and Uber accounts located in the U.S., except in Northern Mariana, American Samoa, Guam and U.S. Virgin Islands, for eligible deliveries or rides in U.S. cities where Uber, Uber Eats, and/or Postmates are available.

To receive this benefit, sign into your existing Uber account or sign up to create a new account (latest version of the app required) and make sure your U.S. Consumer American Express Platinum Card is set as your payment method for your new or existing Uber One membership. Additionally, ensure your Uber Cash balance is toggled off for Uber One membership fees so your Amex Card is charged directly to receive the full value of the applicable statement credits, up to $120 each calendar year. Uber One is a subscription that auto-renews and is subject to the Uber One Membership Terms and Conditions available at https://www.uber.com/legal/en/document/?name=renewable-passes-terms&country=united-states&lang=en. To learn more about Uber's cancellation deadlines and requirements, please visit the Uber Help Center or the Uber One Membership Terms and Conditions. The Uber One Membership Terms and Conditions are subject to change and American Express has no control over those changes. Statement credits will not be issued for any applicable free trial or for the portion of an Uber One membership fee that has been discounted or paid for using Uber One credits, Uber Cash, or similar discounts or promotions. American Express Cards added to your Uber account through a third party such as Apple Pay or PayPal will not be eligible.

Cancelling or removing your eligible American Express Card will not automatically cancel your Uber One membership and Uber will continue to collect membership fees in accordance with the Uber One Membership Terms and Conditions which are separate from the terms of this benefit.

If you transfer to another eligible American Express Card, your eligible Card expires or is replaced, or your Card details change, you will need to remove your previous American Express Card and add your new Card as the payment method for your Uber One membership in your Uber, Uber Eats, and/or Postmates account. If your American Express Card details change and you do not update your new Card details as your payment method for your Uber One membership prior to your next Uber One billing cycle, you will not receive the statement credit(s). For purposes of fulfilling this benefit, American Express will share with Uber certain information about your Card, including the Card type, and updated Card information and activation status from time to time.

Any information you provide to Uber will be subject to Uber's Privacy Notice available at https://www.uber.com/us/en/privacy-notice-riders-order-recipients/ and Uber's Terms of Use available at https://www.uber.com/legal/en/document/?name=general-terms-of-use&country=united-states&lang=en. To learn more about Uber One, please visit uber.com/uberone.

Please allow up to 8 weeks after an eligible purchase is charged to the Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. Please call the number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted after 8 weeks from the date an eligible purchase is charged to the Card Account. American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date, then your purchase may not earn the statement credit benefit for the benefit period in which you made the purchase. For example, if an eligible purchase is made on December 31st but the merchant processes the transaction such that it is identified to us as occurring on January 1st, the statement credit for the next benefit period would be applied if available. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive the statement credit. American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify eligible purchases. If American Express does not receive information that identifies your transaction as eligible for this benefit, the Basic Card Member will not receive the statement credit. Basic Card Members may not receive the statement credit if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify your purchase as eligible, if a transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party (such as an app store), or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it.

If the Card Account is cancelled or past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you. If a charge for an eligible purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Card Account, the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead, the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card.

$200 Airline Fee Credit
Enrollment through American Express is required to receive the benefit. Basic Card Members on U.S. Consumer and Corporate Platinum Card Accounts can enroll in the benefit by making their airline selection in the Benefits section of their americanexpress.com online account or by calling us. Enrolled Basic Card Members on U.S. Consumer Platinum and U.S. Corporate Platinum Card Accounts are eligible to receive up to $200 in statement credits per calendar year for incidental airline fees charged by their one selected qualifying airline to the enrolled Card Account. Purchases by both the Basic Card Member and Additional Card Members on the enrolled Card Account are eligible for statement credits. However, the total amount of statement credits will not exceed $200 per calendar year, per Card Account. To receive statement credits, the Basic Card Member must select one qualifying airline through their American Express Online Account or the link for their Card below:

• American Express Platinum Card®:
https://global.americanexpress.com/card-benefits/enroll/airline-fee-credit/platinum
• Goldman Sachs Platinum Card®:
https://global.americanexpress.com/card-benefits/enroll/airline-fee-credit/goldman-platinum-card
• Morgan Stanley Platinum Card®:
https://global.americanexpress.com/card-benefits/enroll/airline-fee-credit/morgan-stanley-platinum-card
• Charles Schwab Platinum Card®:
https://global.americanexpress.com/card-benefits/enroll/airline-fee-credit/schwab-platinum-card
• American Express Corporate Platinum Card®:
https://global.americanexpress.com/card-benefits/enroll/airline-fee-credit/corporate-platinum

Qualifying airlines include Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Airlines, Hawaiian Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Spirit Airlines, Southwest Airlines, and United Airlines, and are subject to change. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Card Account can select the qualifying airline. Card Members who have not chosen one qualifying airline will be able to do so at any time. Card Members who have already selected one qualifying airline will be able to change their choice one time each year in January through their American Express Online Account or by calling the number on the back of the Card. Card Members who do not change their airline selection will remain with their current airline. Incidental airline fees must be separate charges from airline ticket charges. Fees not charged by the Card Member's selected airline (e.g. wireless internet and fees incurred with airline alliance partners) do not qualify for statement credits. Incidental airline fees charged prior to selection of a qualifying airline are not eligible for statement credits. Airline tickets, upgrades, mileage points purchases, mileage points transfer fees, gift cards, duty free purchases, and award tickets are not deemed to be incidental fees. The airline must submit the charge under the appropriate merchant code, industry code, or required service or product identifier for the charge to be recognized as an incidental air travel fee.

Please allow 6-8 weeks after the qualifying incidental air travel fee is charged to your Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. American Express relies on airlines to submit the correct information on airline transactions, so please call the number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted after 8 weeks from the date of purchase. American Express also relies on the airlines' processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the airline submitting the transaction to us or if the airline uses another date as the transaction date then your purchase may not earn the statement credit benefit for the benefit period in which you made the purchase. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the airline submits the transaction, you may not receive the statement credit. Card Members remain responsible for timely payment of all charges. Statement credits may not be received or may be reversed if the purchase is cancelled, modified, or returned. To be eligible for this benefit, Card Account(s) must be not cancelled and not past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you. If a charge for an eligible purchase is included in a Pay Over Time feature balance on your Card Account, the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time feature balance. Instead, the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card.

$200 Oura Ring Credit
Enrollment through American Express is required to receive the benefit. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on a U.S. Consumer Platinum Card® Account can enroll in the benefits section of their americanexpress.com account or by calling the number on the back of their Card. Enrolled Basic Card Members can receive up to $200 in statement credits each calendar year on eligible purchases charged to the Card Account. Eligible purchases include Oura Ring purchases made online at U.S. website ouraring.com. Not valid on purchases shipped to U.S. territories or outside the U.S. Excludes Oura membership purchases, other hardware purchases (e.g., chargers, add-ons), extended warranty purchases, Oura gift card purchases, and purchases made using third-party retailers, delivery services or other intermediaries. Purchases by both the enrolled Basic Card Member and Additional Card Members on the Card Account are eligible for statement credits. However, each enrolled Card Account is only eligible for up to $200 in statement credits per calendar year, per Card Account.

Please allow up to 8 weeks after an eligible purchase is charged to the enrolled Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. Please call the number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted after 8 weeks from the date an eligible purchase is charged to the enrolled Card Account. American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date, then your purchase may not earn the statement credit benefit for the benefit period in which you made the purchase. For example, if an eligible purchase is made on December 31st but the merchant processes the transaction such that it is identified to us as occurring on January 1st, the statement credit for the next benefit period would be applied if available. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive the statement credit. Statement credit(s) may not be received or may be reversed if an eligible purchase is returned, refunded, cancelled, or modified. American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify eligible purchases. If American Express does not receive information that identifies your transaction as eligible for this benefit, the Basic Card Member will not receive the statement credit. Basic Card Members may not receive the statement credit if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify your purchase as eligible, if a transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party (such as an app store), or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it.

If the Card Account is cancelled or past due, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. If your Card is enrolled in the benefit and you replace your Card, please check the Benefits section of your americanexpress.com account, mobile app or call the number on the back of your Card to confirm your continued enrollment in the benefit. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you. If a charge for an eligible purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Card Account, the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead, the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card.

$200 Uber Cash
Effective May 7, 2026, Uber VIP will be removed from the Amex Benefit and replaced with Signature Support for Amex, a premium level of phone customer service including 24/7 access to live customer support agents. Signature Support for Amex can be accessed in the account section of the Uber, Uber Eats, or Postmates apps via the Partner Rewards Hub or Help pages. Further details will be available at uber.com/signaturesupport starting on May 7, 2026.

Basic Card Members on a Consumer Platinum or Centurion account and Additional Centurion Members are eligible for $15 Uber Cash each month plus an additional $20 Uber Cash in December, and Uber VIP where available ("Amex Benefit"). To receive the Amex Benefit, you must have downloaded the latest version of the Uber, Uber Eats and/or Postmates apps and added your eligible Platinum Card or Centurion Card as a payment method in your Uber account. It may take up to 48 hours for the Amex Benefit to become available in your Uber account after your eligible Card has been added to your account. To redeem the Uber Cash received through the Amex Benefit, you must select an American Express Card as the payment method for your transaction and have Uber Cash toggled on. The Amex Benefit may only be used in the United States.

To be eligible for the Amex Benefit, your Card Account must not be canceled or past due. American Express reserves the right to suspend your eligibility for the Amex Benefit if we suspect any violation or abuse. Cards added to your Uber account through a third party or electronic wallet such as Apple Pay or PayPal will not be eligible to receive the Amex Benefit. An eligible Platinum Card or Centurion Card can only receive the Amex Benefit on one Uber account. If the same Card is added to multiple Uber accounts, only the first Uber account to which the Card is added will receive the Amex Benefit. The Uber Cash received through the Amex Benefit is found within your Uber Cash balance. If you do not see this Uber Cash in your Uber Cash balance within 48 hours from the time you enroll, call the number on the back of your Card for assistance.

To continue to receive the Amex Benefit, the details for your eligible Card must be kept up-to-date in your Uber account and your Uber, Uber Eats and/or Postmates app versions must be kept up-to-date. If your American Express Card details change, you will need to update your Card details in your Uber payment profile before the end of the current month to ensure you remain enrolled in the Amex Benefit, otherwise you may need to re-enroll to continue to receive your Amex benefit. The Uber App, and all other Uber products and services, including but not limited to Uber VIP (which is available in select cities) and Uber Cash, are governed by Uber's terms and conditions.

In order to use the Uber Cash received through the Amex Benefit, Uber Cash must be toggled on and an American Express Card must be selected as the payment method for your transaction.

The Amex Benefit may be applied to any services to which Uber permits Uber Cash to be applied. If your Uber Cash balance does not satisfy the cost of your ride or order, the Amex Card selected for the transaction will be charged for the difference.

The Amex Benefit will not apply to previous Uber transactions and cannot be used when paying with a family profile. Uber will apply Uber Cash received through the Amex Benefit at the point of sale and it will be displayed on your receipt.

Uber Cash received through the Amex Benefit expires at 11:59 PM Hawaii Standard Time on the last day of each calendar month. Unused balance in Uber Cash from your Amex Benefit will not carry over to the following month. Uber Cash received through the Amex Benefit will be applied for the month in which the transaction is completed. If a transaction is eligible for another promotion that you have added to your Uber account, the promotion will be applied before your Amex Benefit. Certain other types of balances in Uber Cash may be applied to the cost of your ride or order prior to your Amex Benefit in Uber Cash. For purposes of fulfilling this benefit, American Express will share with Uber certain information about your Card, including the Card type, and updated Card information from time to time. If you do not wish to receive the Amex Benefit, please call the number on the back of your Card. If you do not see the Uber Cash portion of the Amex Benefit in your Uber Cash balance by 5:00 PM Hawaii Standard Time on the first day of each calendar month, call the number on the back of your Card for assistance.

$209 CLEAR+ Credit
Basic Card Members can earn up to $209 in statement credits per calendar year when their Platinum Card® or Additional Cards on the Account are used to pay for an annual CLEAR+ Membership. Enrollment in CLEAR+ is required and is subject to CLEAR's terms and conditions. American Express has no control over the application and/or approval process for CLEAR and does not have access to any information provided to CLEAR by the Card Member or by CLEAR to the Card Member. American Express has no liability regarding the CLEAR program. If a Card Member's application is not approved by CLEAR, CLEAR will refund the charges. If the statement credit benefit has been applied before CLEAR refunds the charges, that statement credit will be reversed. Statement credit(s) may not be received or may be reversed if the qualifying purchase is returned, refunded, cancelled or modified. Purchases by both the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on the Card Account are eligible for statement credits. However, the total amount of statement credits for eligible purchases will not exceed $209 across all Cards on the Account per calendar year. For additional information on the CLEAR program, including information regarding Membership, eligibility, and for a list of participating locations, as well as the full terms and conditions of the program, please go to www.clearme.com. The CLEAR program is subject to change, and American Express has no control over those changes.

CLEAR+ Membership will automatically renew each year, subject to applicable law, unless you notify CLEAR that you want to cancel. This means that CLEAR will collect the then-applicable Membership fee and any taxes by charging a card CLEAR has on record for you without notifying you unless such notification is required by applicable law. To learn more about CLEAR+ Membership cancellation deadlines and cancellation requirements, please visit CLEAR's Support & FAQ page.

Please allow up to 8 weeks after a qualifying CLEAR transaction is charged to the Card Account for the statement credit to be posted to the Account. American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date then your purchase may not earn the statement credit benefit for the benefit period in which you made the purchase. For example, if a qualifying CLEAR transaction is made on December 31st but the merchant processes the transaction such that it is identified to American Express as occurring on January 1st, then the statement credit available in the next calendar year will be applied if available. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive the statement credit.

American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify qualifying purchases. If American Express does not receive information that identifies your transaction as qualifying for this benefit, the Basic Card Member will not receive the statement credit. Basic Card Members may not receive the statement credit if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify your purchase as qualifying, if a transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party (such as an app store), or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it.

If the Card Account is cancelled or past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. If your Card has been replaced, make sure that the most up-to-date Card information is on file with CLEAR so that you can continue to receive the statement credits. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you. If a qualifying CLEAR transaction is included in a Pay Over Time feature balance on your Card Account, the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time feature balance. Instead, the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance. If you have questions about how a statement credit is applied to your account, call the number on the back of your Card.

$300 Digital Entertainment Credit
Enrollment through American Express is required to receive the benefit. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on a U.S. Consumer Platinum Card Account can enroll in the benefit in the Benefits section of their americanexpress.com account or by calling the number on the back of their Card. Eligible purchases (see below) must be made directly with the participating partners in the U.S. locations where the partners’ services are available. Enrolled Basic Card Members can receive up to $25 in statement credits each month on eligible purchases charged to the Card Account for a total of up to $300 each calendar year in statement credits. Purchases by both the Basic Card Member and Additional Card Members on the enrolled Card Account are eligible for statement credits. However, statement credits will be provided for only up to $25 in statement credits per month for a total of $300 per calendar year per Card Account. Only valid for transactions completed in the U.S. Eligible subscriptions will automatically renew unless canceled and the partner will charge the applicable membership fee to the Card you have on file with them; to learn more about each partner's cancellation deadlines and requirements, see their terms and conditions. Purchases of prepaid or gift cards from third-party retailers for use at the participating partners are not eligible for this benefit. Only valid on eligible purchases charged directly with the following partners: Disney+, ESPN streaming services, Hulu, The New York Times, Paramount+, Peacock, The Wall Street Journal, and YouTube. Age minimums and other restrictions apply to use of each partner's services; see each partner’s terms and conditions for more information.

Disney+: Eligible Disney+ purchases include subscriptions and add-ons purchased directly at www.disneyplus.com. Eligible purchases do not include subscriptions bundled with cable services or purchased through third parties, promotional offers through third parties, advertising services or gift cards. Access content from each service separately.

ESPN: Eligible ESPN purchases include subscriptions, add-ons and Pay Per View (PPV) purchased directly at stream.ESPN.com. Eligible purchases do not include subscriptions bundled with cable services or purchased through third parties, promotional offers through third parties, advertising services or gift cards. Access content from each service separately.

Hulu: Eligible Hulu purchases include subscriptions and add-ons purchased directly at www.hulu.com. Eligible purchases do not include subscriptions bundled with cable services or purchased through third parties, promotional offers through third parties, advertising services or gift cards. Access content from each service separately.

The New York Times: Eligible purchases for The New York Times include subscriptions for digital or print News, New York Times Cooking, New York Times Games, Wirecutter, and The New York Times All Access bundle purchased directly at www.nytimes.com/subscription. Eligible purchases do not include advertising services, NYT conferences, gift cards, TimesDigest or purchases from the NYTimes company store.

Paramount+: Eligible purchases for Paramount include all Paramount+ subscriptions purchased directly at www.paramountplus.com. Eligible purchases do not include subscriptions bundled with cable services or purchased through third parties, advertising services or gift cards.

Peacock: Eligible purchases for Peacock only include standalone Peacock subscriptions, for example, Peacock Premium, Peacock Premium Plus, and Peacock Select, purchased directly at www.peacocktv.com. Eligible purchases do not include add-on subscriptions sold by Peacock, subscriptions bundled with cable services or other third-party services (whether sold by Peacock or a third party), promotional offers through third parties, or gift cards.

The Wall Street Journal: Eligible purchases for The Wall Street Journal include news subscriptions and bundles, such as WSJ Digital and WSJ+, purchased directly at www.wsj.com. Eligible purchases do not include purchases of WSJ Wine, WSJ Amenity Program subscriptions, advertising services, WSJ events, gift cards, merchandise, or purchases from The Wall Street Journal Online Store.

YouTube: Eligible purchases for YouTube include all YouTube TV subscriptions purchased directly at tv.youtube.com/welcome/, all YouTube Music subscriptions purchased directly at music.youtube.com/music_premium, and all YouTube Premium subscriptions purchased directly at www.youtube.com/premium. Eligible purchases do not include subscriptions bundled with cable services or purchased through third parties, advertising services or gift cards.

Please allow up to 8 weeks after an eligible purchase is charged to the enrolled Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. Please call the number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted after 8 weeks from the date of purchase. American Express relies on the merchant’s processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date then your purchase may not earn the statement credit benefit for the benefit period in which you made the purchase. For example, if an eligible purchase is made on December 31st but the merchant processes the transaction such that it is identified to us as occurring on January 1st, the January statement credit would be applied, if available. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive the statement credit. Statement credits may not be received or may be reversed if the purchase is cancelled, modified, or returned. American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify eligible purchases. If American Express does not receive information that identifies your transaction as eligible for this benefit, the Basic Card Member will not receive the statement credit. Basic Card Members may not receive the statement credit if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify your purchase as eligible, if a transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party (such as an app store), or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it.

If the Card Account is canceled or past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. If your Card has been replaced, make sure that the most up to date Account information is on file with the merchant or else you may not receive the statement credits. If your Card is enrolled in the benefit and you replace your Card, please check the Benefits section of your americanexpress.com account, mobile app or call the number on the back of your Card to confirm your continued enrollment in the benefit. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you. If a charge for an eligible purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Card Account, the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead, the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card.

$300 Equinox Credit
Basic Card Members and Additional Card Members on U.S. Consumer Platinum Card Accounts are eligible to receive up to a total of $300 in statement credits each calendar year across all Cards on the Platinum Account on membership fees for U.S. eligible Equinox memberships (which include complimentary access to Equinox+ as part of membership) or a stand-alone subscription to Equinox+.  Once enrolled in an Equinox membership or Equinox+ subscription, your membership will automatically renew unless cancelled and Equinox will charge the applicable membership fee to the Card that Equinox has on file. To receive this benefit, (1) the Basic Card Member must validate eligibility of the Card Account at the Equinox website through the link provided in the benefits section of their American Express online account or mobile app, or at https://platinum.equinox.com/ and (2) the Basic or Additional Card Member must use their eligible Card as the payment method directly with Equinox or Equinox+ (as applicable). Eligible Card Members must be at least eighteen (18) years old, or must have the written consent of a parent or legal guardian if they are between the ages of sixteen (16) and eighteen (18), to enroll in an Equinox membership or Equinox+ subscription. Please allow 6-8 weeks after an eligible purchase is charged to your Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. If you do not see a credit for a qualifying purchase on your eligible Card after 8 weeks, please call the number on the back of your Card.

If American Express does not receive information that identifies your transaction as eligible for the benefit, you will not receive the statement credit. In addition, in most cases, you may not receive the statement credit if your transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it.

To be eligible for this benefit, the Platinum Card Account must not be cancelled or past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you. If you are enrolled in the benefit and replace your Card or change your payment method, please check the Benefits section of your americanexpress.com account, mobile app or call the number on the back of your Card to confirm your continued enrollment in the benefit. If a charge for an eligible purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Card Account, the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead, the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance.

For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card.

Equinox Membership Option.
Eligible Equinox membership types include Single Club (U.S. only), Regional Access (U.S. only), All-Access, Destination Access, and E by Equinox access. Memberships must be eligible for use within the U.S., memberships only eligible for use in international locations are not eligible for this benefit. All Equinox memberships include complimentary access to Equinox+. Certain clubs are excluded from each membership type, and Equinox reserves the right to in the future exclude other clubs from its All-Access and Destination Access memberships. To access and use Equinox, eligible Card Members (or their parent or legal guardian, as applicable) must sign Equinox's standard membership agreement and any other waivers and provide documentation generally required as part of Equinox's joining process. Membership is subject at all times to Equinox's membership agreement and Equinox's standard rules, policies and procedures. Equinox reserves the right to terminate membership for any failure to comply with, or as otherwise permitted in, such agreement, rules, policies and procedures. Former Equinox members whose membership was terminated by Equinox for cause, or who are otherwise not allowed to access or use Equinox, are not eligible to join and participate in this benefit.

Equinox+ Subscription Option.
To enroll, eligible Card Members (or their parent or legal guardian, as applicable) must follow the steps described above and then purchase an Equinox+ subscription at www.equinoxplus.com and agree to the Equinox+ Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. A subscription with Equinox+ is subject at all times to the foregoing and Equinox Media's additional standard rules, policies and procedures. Equinox Media reserves the right to terminate any Equinox+ subscription for any failure to comply with, or as otherwise permitted in, such terms, rules, policies and procedures. You will not receive the statement credit on your Equinox+ subscription if you purchase your subscription within the Equinox+ app or through a third party.

$300 lululemon Credit
Enrollment through American Express is required to receive the benefit. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on a U.S. Consumer Platinum Card® Account can enroll in the benefits section of their americanexpress.com account or by calling the number on the back of their Card. Enrolled Basic Card Members can receive up to $75 in statement credits each quarter on eligible purchases charged to the Card Account for a total of up to $300 each calendar year in statement credits. Eligible purchases are purchases made directly with lululemon at lululemon stores in the U.S., online at U.S. website lululemon.com or through the lululemon app (excluding lululemon Studio, Like New, outlet locations, warehouse, event locations, showroom and wholesale transactions). Not valid on purchases shipped outside the U.S. or gift card purchases. Purchases by both the enrolled Basic Card Member and Additional Card Members on the eligible Card Account are eligible for statement credits. However, statement credits will be provided for only up to $75 in statement credits each quarter for a total of up to $300 per calendar year in statement credits per Card Account.

Please allow up to 8 weeks after an eligible purchase is charged to the enrolled Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. Please call the number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted after 8 weeks from the date an eligible purchase is charged to the enrolled Card Account. American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date, then your purchase may not earn the statement credit benefit for the benefit period in which you made the purchase. For example, if an eligible purchase is made on December 31st but the merchant processes the transaction such that it is identified to American Express as occurring on January 1st, the statement credit for the next benefit period would be applied, if available. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive the statement credit. Statement credit(s) may not be received or may be reversed if an eligible purchase is returned, refunded, cancelled, or modified. American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify eligible purchases. If American Express does not receive information that identifies your transaction as eligible for this benefit, the Basic Card Member will not receive the statement credit. Basic Card Members may not receive the statement credit if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify your purchase as eligible, if a transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party (such as an app store), or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it.

If the Card Account is cancelled or past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. If you have a Card on file with lululemon and you replace that Card, make sure that the most up-to-date Account information is on file, and check the Benefits section of your americanexpress.com account, mobile app or call the number on the back of your Card to confirm your continued enrollment in the benefit. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you. If a charge for an eligible purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Card Account, the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead, the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card.

$400 Resy Credit
Enrollment through American Express is required to receive this benefit. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on a U.S. Consumer Platinum Card® Account can enroll in the benefit in the Benefits section of their americanexpress.com online account or by calling the number on the back of their Card. Enrolled Basic Card Members can earn up to $100 in statement credits each quarter when the Basic Card or Additional Cards on the enrolled Account are used to pay for eligible Resy purchases. However, each enrolled Card Account is only eligible for up to $100 in statement credits each quarter, for a total of up to $400 per calendar year in statement credits across all Cards on the Account.

Eligible Resy purchases include purchases made directly from U.S. restaurants that offer reservations on Resy.com and the Resy app and accept American Express® Cards, purchases made directly on Resy.com or in the Resy app, and purchases made via Resy Pay. Restaurants must be live on Resy.com or the Resy app at time of purchase to be eligible for the statement credit and are subject to change at any time. Purchases of Resy OS restaurant management software, and Resy-branded American Express® Gift Cards are not eligible. Gift cards purchased at restaurants or purchases made on-site at events when the restaurant uses a third-party to process or submit the transaction to American Express (e.g. restaurant invites an outside merchant/non-Resy restaurant to sell goods at the event) also may not receive the statement credit.

Please allow up to 8 weeks after an eligible Resy purchase is charged to the enrolled Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. Please call the number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted after 8 weeks from the date of purchase. American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to American Express or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date, then you may not earn the statement credit benefit for the benefit period in which you made the purchase. For example, if an eligible purchase is made on December 31st but the merchant processes the transaction such that it is identified to us as occurring on January 1st , the statement credit for the next benefit period would be applied if available. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive the statement credit. Statement credit(s) may not be received or may be reversed if an eligible purchase is returned, refunded, cancelled, or modified.

American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify eligible purchases. If American Express does not receive information that identifies the transaction as an eligible purchase, the Account will not receive the statement credit. For example, the transaction may not be eligible if: it is not made directly with the merchant, it is made at a merchant located within another establishment (e.g. a restaurant inside a hotel or department store), it is for a non-dining purchase (e.g. Resy-branded American Express® gift cards or merchandise that features Resy branding or is sold at Resy restaurants), the merchant uses a third-party to process or submit the transaction to American Express (e.g. using mobile or wireless card readers), or you make a purchase using a third-party (e.g. a third-party payment platform or food delivery service).

If the Card Account is cancelled or past due, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you. If your Card is enrolled in the benefit and you replace your Card, please check the Benefits section of your americanexpress.com account, mobile app or call the number on the back of your Card to confirm your continued enrollment in the benefit. If a charge for an eligible purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Card Account, the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead, the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card.

$600 Hotel Credit
Basic Card Members on a U.S. Consumer Platinum Card Account are eligible to receive up to $300 in statement credits semi-annually (January to June, and July to December) for up to a total of $600 per calendar year, when they or Additional Platinum Card Members use their Cards to pay for eligible prepaid Fine Hotels + Resorts® and The Hotel Collection bookings made through American Express Travel (meaning through amextravel.com, the Amex Travel App™, the Amex® App, or by calling the phone number on the back of your eligible Card) or when Companion Platinum Card Members on such Platinum Card Accounts pay for eligible prepaid bookings for The Hotel Collection made through American Express Travel (meaning through amextravel.com, the Amex Travel App™, the Amex® App, or by calling the phone number on the back of your eligible Card). Purchases by both the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on the Card Account are eligible for statement credits. However, the total amount of statement credits for eligible purchases will not exceed $600 per calendar year, per Card Account. Fine Hotels + Resorts® program bookings may be made only by eligible U.S. Consumer Basic Platinum and Additional Platinum Card Members. The Hotel Collection bookings may be made by eligible U.S. Consumer Basic and Additional Platinum Card Members and Companion Platinum Card Members on the Platinum Card Account. Delta SkyMiles® Platinum Card Members are not eligible for the benefit. To receive the statement credits, an eligible Card Member must make a new prepaid booking (referred to as "Pay Now" on amextravel.com, the Amex Travel App™, and the Amex App) using their eligible Card through American Express Travel for a qualifying stay at an available, participating Fine Hotels + Resorts or The Hotel Collection property. Bookings of The Hotel Collection require a minimum stay of two consecutive nights. Eligible bookings do not include interest charges, cancellation fees, property fees or other similar fees, or any charges by a property to you (whether for your booking, your stay or otherwise).

Statement credits are typically received within a few days, however it may take 90 days after an eligible prepaid hotel booking is charged to the Card Account. Eligible bookings must be processed before June 30th, 11:59PM Central Time, to be eligible for statement credits within the January to June benefit period, and December 31st, 11:59PM Central Time to be eligible for statement credits within the July to December benefit period. American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date then your purchase may not earn the statement credit benefit for the benefit period in which you made the purchase. For example, if an eligible purchase is made on December 31st but the merchant processes the transaction such that it is identified to us as occurring on January 1st, then the statement credit available in the next calendar year benefit period will be applied, if available. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive the statement credit. Statement credit(s) may not be received or may be reversed if the booking is refunded, cancelled, or modified. If the Card Account is cancelled or past due, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. If American Express does not receive information that identifies your transaction as eligible, you will not receive the statement credits. For example, your transaction will not be eligible if it is a booking: (i) made with a property not included in the Fine Hotels + Resorts or The Hotel Collection programs, (ii) not made through American Express Travel, or (iii) not made with an eligible Card. Participating properties and their availability are subject to change. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide and may reverse any statement credits provided to you. If a charge for an eligible purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Card Account, the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead, the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance. Please refer to AmericanExpress.com/FHR and AmericanExpress.com/HC for more information about Fine Hotels + Resorts and The Hotel Collection, respectively.

2X Membership Reward Points Earn for Cruises
2x Membership Rewards® points on Cruise Bookings: U.S. Consumer and Business Platinum and Centurion® Card Members enrolled in the Membership Rewards program will receive one (1) additional Membership Rewards® point per dollar spent on eligible cruise bookings. Eligible cruise bookings include new cruise bookings charged directly to your eligible Card through AmexTravel.com or by calling the number on the back of your Card, minus returns and other credits. Any charges on your eligible Card made outside of American Express Travel will not qualify for additional points, including installments or other payments made directly to a cruise line. Airfare and other charges incurred as part of your cruise booking made through American Express Travel are eligible for additional points. Other charges made directly with the travel supplier will be bonused in accordance with the terms and conditions of your eligible Card product. If cruise bookings are made or modified directly with the cruise provider, the booking will not be eligible for additional points. If the booking is cancelled, the additional points will be deducted from the applicable Membership Rewards account. Any additional points received will be reflected in your Membership Rewards account 10-12 weeks after payment is made. Your eligible Card Account(s) must not be cancelled, past due, or otherwise suspended at the time of fulfillment to receive any additional points.

Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. We group certain merchant codes into categories that are eligible for additional points. A purchase with a merchant will not earn additional points if the merchant's code is not included in an additional points category. You may not receive additional points if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify your purchase as eligible for an additional points category. For example, you may not receive additional points when: a merchant uses a third-party to sell their products or services; or a merchant uses a third-party to process or submit your transaction to us (e.g., using mobile or wireless card readers); or you choose to make a purchase using a third-party payment account or make a purchase using a mobile or digital wallet.

2X Membership Rewards® Points on American Express Travel® Online
Membership Rewards-enrolled Card Members get at least 1 Membership Rewards® point for every eligible dollar spent on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express® Card. Those same Card Members will also get at least 1 additional point for each dollar of eligible travel purchases made on AmexTravel.com or the Amex Travel App™ on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express Card. Corporate Card Members are not eligible for the additional point. Eligible travel purchases include all travel purchases made with your Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express® Card on AmexTravel.com or the Amex Travel App™, including air, prepaid hotels, prepaid short-term rentals, prepaid car rentals, or cruise reservations, minus returns and other credits. Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members are only eligible for 1 additional point on cruise reservations. Eligible travel purchases do NOT include non-prepaid car rentals, non-prepaid hotels, ticketing service or other fees, or interest charges. Additional point bonuses you may receive with your Card on other purchase categories from American Express may not be combined with this offer (e.g., 5X bonuses for The Platinum Card®, American Express® Gold Card, and Business Platinum® Card Members, 3X bonuses for Business Gold Card Members, 2X bonus on your first $50,000 in purchases for Blue Business Plus® Credit Card Members, 2X bonuses on key business categories and eligible purchases of $5,000 or more for Business Platinum® Card Members, or 1.5X bonuses for Business Centurion Card Members, etc.). Any portion of a charge that you elect to cover through redemption of points is not eligible to receive points. Additional points will be credited to the Membership Rewards account 10-12 weeks after final payment is made.

5X Air and Hotel
Basic Card Members will get 1 Membership Rewards® point for each dollar charged for eligible purchases on their Platinum Card® or an Additional Card on their Account and 4 additional points (for a total of 5 points) for each dollar charged for eligible travel purchases on any Card on the Account ("Additional Points"), minus cancellations and credits. Eligible travel purchases are limited to: (i) purchases of air tickets on scheduled flights, of up to $500,000 in charges per calendar year, booked directly with passenger airlines or through American Express Travel (by calling 1-800-525-3355, or through AmexTravel.com or the Amex Travel App™); (ii) purchases of prepaid hotel reservations booked through American Express Travel (by calling 1-800-525-3355,or through AmexTravel.com or the Amex Travel App™); and (iii) purchases of prepaid vacation rental reservations booked through AmexTravel.com. Eligible travel purchases do not include: charter flights, private jet flights, flights that are part of tours, cruises, or travel packages, ticketing or similar service fees, ticket cancellation or change fees, property fees or similar fees, hotel group reservations or events, interest charges, or purchases of cash equivalents. Eligible prepaid hotel bookings or prepaid flight+hotel bookings that are modified directly with the hotel will not be eligible for Additional Points. Eligible prepaid vacation rental bookings that are modified directly with the vacation rental management company will not be eligible for Additional Points.

Bonuses that may be received with your Card on other purchase categories or in connection with promotions or offers from American Express cannot be combined with this benefit. Any portion of a charge that the Basic Card Member elects to cover through redemption of Membership Rewards points is not eligible to receive points. Additional terms and restrictions apply.

Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. We group certain merchant codes into categories that are eligible for Additional Points. A purchase with a merchant will not earn Additional Points if the merchant's code is not included in an Additional Points category. Basic Card Members may not receive Additional Points if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify your purchase as eligible for an Additional Points category. For example, you may not receive Additional Points when: a merchant uses a third-party to sell their products or services, a merchant uses a third-party to process or submit your transaction to us (e.g., using mobile or wireless card readers), or you choose to make a purchase using a third-party payment account or make a purchase using a mobile or digital wallet.

To be eligible for this benefit, the Card Account must not be cancelled. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit in any way American Express may remove access to this benefit from the Account. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card or visit americanexpress.com/rewards-info for more information about rewards.

Account Manager
Account Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.

Adding an Additional Card Member
Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. They must be at least 13 years of age and never had a defaulted account with American Express. Additional Card Member may not be the same individual as the Basic Card Member or as another Additional Card Member on the same account. You are responsible for the activity and use of your Account by Additional Card Members. You must pay for all charges they make.

Additional Global Lounge Collection Partner Lounges
American Express offers access to additional lounges in the Global Lounge Collection where U.S. Platinum Card® Members have unlimited complimentary access to participating locations. Companion Platinum Cards on Consumer Platinum Accounts and Additional Gold and Additional Business Expense Cards on Business Platinum Accounts are not eligible for access to participating locations. Card Members must present their valid U.S. Platinum Card®, a government-issued I.D., and a boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation for same-day travel on any carrier. Guest access and associated fees are subject to the terms and conditions of the participating lounge provider. Participation, locations, rates, and policies of lounges are subject to change without notice, and Card Members and their guests will not be compensated for such changes. Amenities, services, and hours may vary by participating lounge and are subject to change without notice. American Express and the participating lounge will not be liable for any articles lost or stolen, or damages suffered by the Card Member or guests inside the participating lounge. For participating lounges with a self-service bar, the Card Member may be required to be of legal drinking age in the participating lounge jurisdiction to enter without a parent or legal guardian. All Card Members and their guests must be of legal drinking age to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. Each participating lounge may have their own policy allowing for children under a certain age to enter for free with the Card Member who is a parent or legal guardian. Card Member must adhere to all house rules of participating lounges. Participating lounges reserve the right to remove any person from the premises for inappropriate behavior or failure to adhere to rules, including, but not limited to, conduct that is disruptive, abusive, or violent. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that the Card Member or their guests have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with access to participating lounges in any way, or that the Card Member or their guests intend to do so, we may remove access to the Additional Lounges from the Account. American Express and the participating lounge reserve the right to revise the rules at any time without notice. For the most current list of participating lounges and access requirements, please use the Lounge Finder feature in the American Express App or visit www.americanexpress.com/findalounge.

American Express Venue Collection™
The American Express Venue Collection provides American Express® Card Members with a Consumer or Business American Express Card issued by American Express in the US with access to a set of benefits at stadiums and arenas for select events. American Express cards issued by third-party financial institutions, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Debit Cards, and American Express Prepaid Cards are not eligible. All benefits are subject to specific terms & conditions. Some benefits will be fulfilled by the venue and are subject to terms & conditions set by the venue, as applicable. Benefits cannot be redeemed for cash, transferred, or substituted. Void where prohibited by law. For more information, including specific benefit terms & conditions and venues included as part of the collection, please visit americanexpress.com/venues.

American Express Venue Collection™ Concessions Statement Credit
Eligible Card Members can earn 10% back (up to $250) in statement credits per calendar year after using their enrolled Card to make qualifying food and beverage concessions purchases at stadiums and arenas in the American Express Venue Collection™. Limit one enrolled Card per Card Member. Offer ends 12/31/2026.

By enrolling in this offer, you agree to these terms and the Amex Offers™ Program Terms.

Eligibility and Enrollment​

Eligible Card Members must first add offer to Card and then use that same enrolled Card to make qualifying purchases. Only Consumer and Business American Express Cards issued by American Express in the US are eligible for this offer. American Express Prepaid Cards, Corporate Cards, Debit Cards, and American Express-branded Cards issued by other financial institutions are not eligible for this offer. Additional Cards on an eligible Card account are also eligible to enroll in this offer; however, any rewards or credits earned will be applied to the Basic Card Member's account. Each eligible Card must enroll separately in this offer and must individually make a qualifying purchase to earn a statement credit.

Limit one enrollment per Card Member regardless of whether a Card Member has more than one eligible Card. Offers are non-transferable. Card Members must select one eligible Card to enroll and enrollment of an eligible Card in this offer extends only to that Card.

Limit of $250 back in total statement credits on that enrolled Card each calendar year. Offer ends December 31, 2026.

Qualifying Purchases

Offer only valid on qualifying food and beverage concessions purchases at participating stadiums and arenas in the American Express Venue Collection™ ("Participating Venues"). Participating Venues and qualifying purchases are subject to change, and an up-to-date list can be found at go.amex/venue-concessions-us. Please review this list prior to making a purchase at a Participating Venue. Qualifying Purchases must be made during the offer period with your enrolled American Express Card and in an amount totaling at least $0.01 USD as posted to your account, following conversion from a foreign currency, if applicable, in accordance with your Card Member Agreement.

Offer not valid on purchases made using third parties, such as resellers, delivery services, or other intermediaries.

Statement Credit

If you meet the offer requirements, the statement credit(s) will typically post to your account within 30 days after you make a qualifying purchase, provided that American Express receives information from the merchant about your qualifying purchase. In some circumstances, it may take up to 90 days after the qualifying purchase for statement credit(s) to post. Please call the number on the back of your Card with any questions about this offer, including questions regarding enrollment or qualifying purchases, or if credit(s) have not posted to your account 30 days after you made the qualifying purchase. Accounts that are canceled at the time of fulfillment of the offer will not receive the credit(s). Credit(s) may not be received or may be reversed if an eligible purchase is returned, partially returned, refunded, canceled or modified. The 10% back in the form of statement credit(s), up to $250 in total statement credits per calendar year, is calculated based off the total amount of a qualifying purchase made in US dollars or following conversion to US dollars from a foreign currency, if applicable.

American Express Venue Collection™ Entrances and Fast Lanes
American Express Card Member entrances and/or fast lanes are available at venues in the American Express Venue Collection. Card Member entrances and fast lanes may not be available for all events; hours of availability may vary and are subject to change. Entrances and fast lanes may be modified or discontinued at any time and without notice. Card Members must have a valid ticket to the event and can access the Card Member entrance or fast lane by presenting a valid American Express Card in the Card Member's name. The number of guests that may accompany a Card Member through a Card Member entrance of fast lane may vary by venue. Additional terms may apply by venue and by event (including, without limitation, security protocols). American Express does not operate the Card Member entrances or fast lanes; the applicable venue operates the entrance. Venue personnel reserve the right to not allow Card Members and their guests admittance through the Card Member entrance or fast lane for any reason, including, without limitation, not adhering to security protocols. To learn more about a specific venue, please visit americanexpress.com/venues.

American Express® App
The American Express® App and app features are available only for eligible accounts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible.

To log in, customers must have an American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.

Amex Offers
To redeem an Amex Offer®, eligible Card Members must first enroll in the offer through their online account or in the American Express® App and then use their enrolled Card to make a qualifying purchase. Only U.S.-issued American Express Consumer and Business Cards may be eligible to participate. Card Members can check their eligibility by visiting the Amex Offers section of their online account. American Express, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to determine eligibility for the Amex Offers program and may revoke access or enrollment if we determine that you have engaged, or are likely to engage, in abuse, misuse, or gaming of the program. Please review the terms of each offer for details on how to redeem. By enrolling in an offer, you agree that American Express may use your transaction and personal information to administer the offer, communicate with you about it, and facilitate your experience in accordance with the American Express Privacy Statement. You also consent to receiving electronic communications from American Express, including email, app notifications, and other digital messages, related to your enrolled offers and the Amex Offers program.

By enrolling in an offer, you agree to the individual offer terms and Program Terms. See individual offer terms below, and full Program Terms.

Amex Preferred Tickets™
Eligible American Express® Card Members may purchase Amex Preferred Tickets™ for select events and select seats, during a specified period while supplies last. Tickets are sold by and fulfilled by third party ticket sellers (not American Express), and such tickets are subject to the rules, terms and conditions, prices and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue. When purchasing tickets, enter the 10-digit customer service phone number on the back of your eligible Card when prompted. Tickets must be purchased using one of the following U.S.-issued American Express Cards: Consumer, Business, or Corporate Platinum Card® or Centurion® Card; Consumer or Business Delta SkyMiles® Platinum Card; Consumer or Business Delta SkyMiles® Reserve Card; Consumer, Business, or Corporate Gold Card; Classic Business Gold Card; Business Gold Rewards Card; Executive Business Card; Hilton Honors American Express Surpass® Card; Hilton Honors Aspire Card; Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® Card; Marriott Bonvoy Bevy® Card; Marriott Bonvoy® Card; The Platinum Card® from American Express Exclusively for Morgan Stanley; The Platinum Card® from American Express Exclusively for Charles Schwab; The Platinum Card® from American Express for Goldman Sachs; or The Centurion® Card from American Express Exclusively for Goldman Sachs. Tickets are subject to availability and supply may be limited. Not all seats may be offered; purchase limits, and blackout dates may apply. Refunds, exchanges, and resale may be prohibited by the ticket seller.

Amex Presale Tickets®
American Express® Card Members have access to purchase Amex Presale Tickets® for select events and select seats, during a specified period prior to the general on-sale dates for those events. Tickets must be purchased using an American Express Card. An American Express Prepaid Card cannot be used to purchase tickets. Amex Presale Tickets® are sold by and fulfilled by third party ticket sellers (not American Express), and such tickets are subject to the rules, terms and conditions, prices and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue. Amex Presale Tickets® are subject to availability and supply may be limited. Not all seats may be offered; purchase limits and blackout dates may apply. Refunds, exchanges, and resale may be prohibited by the ticket seller. For more information, please visit americanexpress.com/entertainment.

Amex Reserved Tickets®
American Express® Card Members have access to purchase Amex Reserved Tickets® for select events and select seats, during a specified period. Tickets must be purchased using an American Express Card. An American Express Prepaid Card cannot be used to purchase tickets. Amex Reserved Tickets® are sold by and fulfilled by third-party ticket sellers (not American Express), and such tickets are subject to the rules, terms and conditions, prices and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue. Amex Reserved Tickets® are subject to availability and supply may be limited. Not all seats may be offered; purchase limits and blackout dates may apply. Refunds, exchanges, and resale may be prohibited by the ticket seller. For more information, please visit americanexpress.com/entertainment.

Car Rental Privileges: Avis
Visit Avis.com for program terms and conditions.

American Express reserves the right to instruct Avis to cancel your membership if you cease to be a Platinum Card® Member or your account is canceled or past due. Additional Avis Terms and Conditions apply.

Car Rental Privileges: Avis, Hertz, National
Consumer Platinum Card® Members, Corporate Platinum Card® Members and Business Platinum Card® Members are eligible to receive complimentary status with select car rental companies. Additional Platinum Card Members on Consumer and Business Platinum Accounts are also eligible for this benefit. Companion Platinum Cards® on Consumer Platinum Card Accounts and Additional Gold and Additional Business Expense Cards on Business Platinum Card Accounts are not eligible to receive these benefits. Benefits provided to Platinum Card Members are subject to each car rental company's terms and conditions, including age restrictions, and require enrollment in each car rental program through your American Express online account to receive the car rental program benefits. Payment must be made using the Platinum Card. Hertz Gold+® is a registered trademark of Hertz System, Inc. Minimum rental age is 25 (exceptions apply). Minimum age to join Hertz Gold+ is 21. Standard rental terms and conditions apply. National collects Frequent Flyer Tax Recoupment Surcharge to cover the federal tax on the cost of the miles awarded at the time of rental. Discount applies to base rate only. Taxes (including Goods and Services Taxes), other governmentally authorized or imposed surcharges, license recoupment/air tax recovery and concession recoupment fees, airport and airport facility fees, fuel, additional driver fee, one-way rental charge, and optional items are extra. Renter must meet applicable age, driver, and credit requirements. Advance reservation required. May not be combined with other discounts. Availability is limited. Subject to change without notice. Blackout dates may apply. National's Emerald Club and Hertz Gold+ and their services require a signed Master Rental Agreement to be on file. Please note that the Car Rental Privileges program available to Platinum Card Members is a separate program from the Premium Car Rental Protection insurance product offered by American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company.

To be eligible for this benefit, Card Account(s) must not be canceled or past due. If you have a Card on file with one of the eligible partners, make sure that the most up to date Account information is on file or else you may not receive the benefit. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit in any way, American Express may remove access to this benefit from the Account. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card.

Car Rental Privileges: Hertz
The Platinum Card® Member must use the designated Amex Corporate Discount Code (CDP) at time of reservation and pay for the Hertz rental with his or her Platinum Card to receive the following benefits from Hertz: 1) In the U.S., a 4-hour grace period for return of a rental car at no charge for time or mileage before an extra day charge is applied. The 4-hour grace period excludes (i) optional items such as car seats, and satellite radio and (ii) optional liability / loss coverage such as Loss Damage Waiver (LDW) and Personal Accident Insurance (PAI). 2) savings up to 20% on published base rates. Discount applies to pay later base rate. Rates and savings vary depending on date, location, car class and other factors. Discount does not apply to taxes and fees. Car-class upgrades available on rentals of economy through standard cars with at least a 24-hour advance reservation. Additional benefits are provided with Hertz President's Circle status® at participating locations when a Hertz Gold+® membership number is included in the reservation. Membership in Hertz Gold+® is complimentary, but enrollment is required. Minimum age to join Hertz Gold+ is 21. All rentals are subject to all other Hertz requirements and terms and conditions of the Hertz rental agreement. For more information, contact Platinum Card Customer Service at 1-800-525-3355 or visit americanexpress.com/platinum. Hertz Gold+ and Hertz are registered trademarks of Hertz System, Inc.

Car Rental Privileges: National Emerald Club
To redeem a free rental day, reserve up to a fullsize car at least 24 hours in advance. National Car Rental cannot combine this offer with any other discount, and cannot apply the offer to a previous or existing reservation. All standard rental qualifications apply. Be aware that taxes, surcharges, recovery and recoupment fees and other charges may apply, and that optional products and services (such as damage waiver) are extra charges. Please check your auto insurance policy and/or credit card agreement for rental vehicle coverage. The availability of this offer is limited to participating U.S. and Canadian locations and is subject to change without notice. This Free Day is non-transferrable. Free Days are combinable up to seven days. Blackout dates may also apply. This Free Day expires on December 31 of the year following the year in which it was received.

Car Rental Privileges: National Emerald Club
The Emerald Club and its services require a signed Master Rental Agreement on file. Emerald Aisle®, Executive Selection℠, Emerald Reserve Service® and Emerald Club Counter Service℠ are available at select locations only. Expedited counter service available at all other locations. National, National Car Rental, the "flag" and Emerald Club are trademarks of Vanguard Car Rental USA LLC. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners ©2026 National Car Rental.

Cell Phone Protection
Coverage is provided by New Hampshire Insurance Company, an AIG Company, at no-additional-cost to Card Membership. Coverage is subject to certain terms, conditions, and limitations, including limitations on the amount of coverage. Coverage is excess of any other applicable insurance or indemnity available to you. Coverage is limited only to those amounts not covered by any other insurance or indemnity. For more information about the coverage, please see the Guide to Benefits at americanexpress.com/CPPTerms.

Concierge
American Express Concierge may perform select services at your request and on your behalf that are limited to: (i) purchasing of available event tickets, (ii) making of available dining or other reservations (which may include, for example, spa or golf), (iii) general travel-related inquiries, and (iv) shopping requests (which may include, for example, sending of flowers or gifts); in each case, as deemed reasonable by American Express. You are responsible for all purchases and associated taxes and fees (including, without limitation, shipping fees) that Concierge makes at your request and on your behalf. You acknowledge that if you make a request through Concierge: (i) American Express is placing that request on your behalf, and (ii) the goods and/or services you requested will be provided by third parties and American Express is not liable for any injury to person or property caused by such third parties or the goods and/or services requested. American Express reserves the right to note your preferences (which may include, for example, flower preferences or tee times) for servicing and marketing purposes, but is not responsible for notifying a restaurant of any food allergies or any other dietary restrictions or preferences when making dining reservations.

Cruise Privileges Program
Cruise Privileges Program (“CPP”) benefits consist of an on-board credit and an additional on-board amenity on participating cruise lines. Platinum Card® Members can receive an on-board credit of $100 to $300 per stateroom. Centurion Members can receive an additional on-board credit of $200 per stateroom. Additional on-board amenities vary by participating cruise line. An additional on-board amenity is not available on Silversea’s expedition ships. Neither on-board credits nor an additional on-board amenity are available on Celebrity River Cruises or Galapagos sailings.

CPP benefits are available only for US residents with a Basic U.S. Consumer or Business Platinum or Centurion® Card (“Eligible Card Members”). Additional Card Members on Consumer and Business Platinum Card Accounts, Additional Card Members on Consumer and Business Centurion Card Accounts, Companion Card Members on Consumer Platinum and Centurion Card Accounts, and Additional Business Expense Card Members on Business Platinum and Centurion Card Accounts are also eligible for CPP program benefits. Delta SkyMiles® Platinum Card Members are not eligible for CPP benefits.

CPP benefits are available only for new CPP bookings of at least five nights with double occupancy made with a participating cruise line using an Eligible Card through AmexTravel.com or by calling the number on the back of the Eligible Card (a “CPP Booking”). To receive CPP benefits, the Eligible Card Member must be traveling on the itinerary and the total cost of the CPP Booking must be paid for using an American Express® Card in the Eligible Card Member's name. CPP benefits are non-transferable. Participating cruise lines are subject to change. The current list of participating cruise lines is available at https://www.americanexpress.com/en-us/travel/cruises-and-custom-vacations/travel-providers?intlink=US-travel-cruises-and-custom-vacations-subNav-ccvProviders. CPP benefits cannot be combined with other offers unless indicated; blackout dates, category and fare restrictions may apply. CPP benefits apply per stateroom, with a three-stateroom limit per Eligible Card Member, per cruise. On-board credits will be applied at checkout upon completion of the cruise; credit amounts in local currency may vary due to foreign exchange rates; credits are subject to cruise line terms and policies; credits cannot be used for casino charges, gratuities, or other similar charges. Any unused portion of an on-board credit is non-refundable and is not redeemable for cash. Other restrictions may apply.

Delta Sky Club® Access
This benefit is available to U.S. Platinum Card® Members and Additional Platinum Card Members on the Account (each, an "Eligible Platinum Card Member"). Companion Platinum Cards on Consumer Platinum Accounts and Additional Gold and Additional Business Expense Cards on Business Platinum Accounts are not eligible for the Delta Sky Club benefit.

Eligible Platinum Card Members will receive 10 "Visits" per Eligible Platinum Card each year to Delta Sky Club or to the Delta Sky Club Grab and Go feature ("Grab and Go"). Visits are issued at Card Account opening and then on February 1 of each subsequent year and expire on January 31 of each year. Visits are non-transferable and may only be used by the Eligible Platinum Card Member.

A "Visit" is an entry to one or more Delta Sky Clubs or usage of Grab and Go, at one or more airports, for a period of up to 24 hours starting upon the first Delta Sky Club entry or Grab and Go usage, during an Eligible Platinum Card Member's travel on a same-day Delta-operated flight or Delta-marketed flight operated by WestJet (ticket number starting with 006). Eligible Platinum Card Members traveling with Delta Main Basic (Basic Economy) fare tickets do not have access to this benefit. A single Visit permits usage of Delta Sky Club(s) in multiple airports during the 24-hour period. For example, if you visit a Delta Sky Club in different airports on a trip, entry into one or more of these Clubs will be considered part of the same Visit as long as these additional entries occur within 24 hours of the first Delta Sky Club entry. If travel exceeds 24 hours from the first Delta Sky Club, then a second Visit will be deducted if entering the Delta Sky Club or using Grab and Go more than 24 hours after the first entry. Eligible Platinum Card Members may not access Delta Sky Club or Grab and Go in the three hours from the time of previous Grab and Go usage at the same airport. Once all 10 Visits have been used, Eligible Platinum Card Members may purchase additional Delta Sky Club Visits at a per-Visit rate of $50 per person or may purchase a Grab and Go Visit at a per-Visit rate of $25 per person. Visits cannot be used for guest entry. During a Visit, Eligible Platinum Card Members may bring either up to two (2) guests, or their immediate family (spouse/domestic partner and children under 21) to the Club at a per-Visit rate of $50 per person or may purchase a Grab and Go Visit at a per-Visit rate of $25 per person. The Eligible Platinum Card must be used as the payment method to purchase Card Member and guest access. Guests must also be flying on a same-day Delta-operated flight or Delta-marketed flight operated by WestJet (ticket number starting with 006) and be accompanied by the Eligible Platinum Card Member. Guests traveling with Delta Main Basic (Basic Economy) fare tickets do not have access to this benefit. Children under 2 years of age may accompany the Eligible Platinum Card Member for free.

Eligible Platinum Card Members with multiple eligible American Express Cards that grant Delta Sky Club access are responsible for selecting their method of entry into a Delta Sky Club prior to entry. Visits will be deducted based on the eligible American Express Card presented at time of entry. Switching the American Express Card used for entry after a Card Member has entered a Delta Sky Club is not permitted.

To earn an unlimited number of Visits ("Unlimited Delta Sky Club Access") the total eligible purchases on the Eligible Platinum Card Account must equal or exceed $75,000 (the "Purchase Requirement") each calendar year. Once effective, Unlimited Delta Sky Club Access will be provided to all Eligible Platinum Card Members on the Account. Companion Platinum Cards on Consumer Platinum Accounts and Additional Gold and Additional Business Expense Cards on Business Platinum Accounts are not eligible for the Unlimited Delta Sky Club Access benefit. All entry requirements set forth in these Terms and Conditions will continue to apply with respect to Unlimited Delta Sky Club Access.

Unlimited Delta Sky Club Access will be processed within a week of the Eligible Platinum Card Account's satisfying the Purchase Requirement in most instances but may take up to 12 weeks to become effective. Once effective, Unlimited Delta Sky Club Access will be available for the remainder of the calendar year in which it became effective, the following calendar year and through January 31 of the next calendar year (for example, if Unlimited Delta Sky Club Access becomes effective on May 1, 2025, it will remain effective through January 31, 2027). Eligible purchases made by any Additional Card Members on the Eligible Platinum Card Account will contribute to the Purchase Requirement. Eligible purchases to meet the Purchase Requirement are for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees, interest charges, cash advances, purchases of travelers' checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or other cash equivalents. If a Card Member upgrades or downgrades from a different American Express Card to an Eligible Platinum Card, eligible purchases made on the prior Card Account will count toward the Purchase Requirement. Delta reserves the right to revoke Unlimited Delta Sky Club Access if you return, reverse or charge back eligible purchases in a way that reduces your eligible spend below the Purchase Requirement for the calendar year. If Delta and/or American Express determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this Delta Sky Club Access Benefit in any way or that you intend to do so, Visits may be deducted from your account and/or Unlimited Delta Sky Club Access revoked.

Eligible Platinum Card Members must present their valid American Express Card, government-issued I.D., and boarding pass for entry. Boarding pass must show a reservation for a same-day Delta-operated flight (Delta or Delta connection) or Delta-marketed flight operated by WestJet (ticket number starting with 006) departing from or arriving at the airport in which Delta Sky Club or Grab and Go is located. Eligible Platinum Card Members traveling with Delta Main Basic (Basic Economy) fare tickets do not have access to this benefit. Name on boarding pass must match name on the Card. Eligible Platinum Card Members on departing flights can only access Delta Sky Club or Grab and Go within 3 hours of their flight's scheduled departure time or any time during a layover. Delta reserves the right to limit access for non-revenue flyers at any Delta Sky Club. Individuals must be at least 18 years of age to access Delta Sky Club, and 21 years of age to access locations with a self-service bar, unless accompanied by a responsible, supervising adult who has access to Delta Sky Club. Benefit valid only at Delta Sky Club. Delta partner lounges are not included. Note that amenities may vary among Delta Sky Club locations. Participating airport clubs and locations subject to change without notice. All access is subject to Delta Sky Club House Rules. To review the House Rules, please visit delta.com/skyclub. Benefit and rules subject to change without notice. Additional restrictions may apply.

Destination Family
Benefits are valid for new bookings of eligible cruises or tour packages made through American Express Travel with participating travel providers using an eligible U.S. Consumer, Business, Corporate American Express® Card. Payment must be made with the eligible Card, and that Card Member must travel on the itinerary booked. Benefits may not be available to residents outside the 50 United States. Benefits apply per booking, not per traveler and cannot be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates may apply. Participating travel providers and benefits are subject to change and vary by travel provider. Benefits are non-transferable, subject to availability, and cannot be redeemed for cash, cash-equivalents, or credit.

Dispute Resolution
Not all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.

Escape Lounges
This benefit is available to U.S. Platinum Card® Members. Card Members receive complimentary access to all Escape Lounge locations, including Escape Lounge – the Centurion® Studio Partner locations. Companion Platinum Cards on Consumer Platinum Accounts and Additional Gold and Additional Business Expense Cards on Business Platinum Accounts are not eligible for access to Escape Lounges, including Escape Lounge – the Centurion® Studio Partner locations. To access an Escape Lounge, Card Members must present their valid Card, a boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation for same-day travel on any carrier and government-issued I.D. Name on boarding pass must match name on the Card and the eligible flight must be booked on a U.S. issued American Express card. For access at select locations, Card Members must arrive within 3 hours of their departing flight. Refer to the specific location's access policy for more information. During a layover Card Members may use the Escape Lounge in the connecting airport at any time. For more information on access policies and lounge terms and conditions, see https://escapelounges.com. All access to an Escape Lounge is subject to space availability. Card Member must be at least 18 years of age to enter without a parent or legal guardian. All Escape Lounge visitors must be of legal drinking age in the jurisdiction where the Lounge is located to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. Card Members may bring up to two complimentary guests per visit. Card Member must adhere to all house rules of participating lounges. Card Members and their guests will receive all the complimentary benefits and amenities afforded to the Escape Lounge customers, as well as access to purchase non-complimentary items. Some product features may be subject to additional charges. Escape Lounge locations are subject to change without notice. Additional restrictions may apply.

Fee Credit for Global Entry or TSA PreCheck®
The benefit is available to (i) Consumer Platinum Card® Members, and Business Platinum Card® Members, and (ii) Centurion® Card Members. The benefit is also available to all Additional Card Members on Consumer and Business Platinum Accounts, and all Additional Card Members on Consumer and Business Centurion Accounts. Basic Card Members are eligible to receive a statement credit every 4 years for either up to $85 for the TSA PreCheck® application fee (when applying through a TSA official enrollment provider) or $120 for the Global Entry application fee, in each case when charged to the Basic Card or any eligible Additional Cards on the eligible Card Account. Basic Card Members will receive a statement credit for the first program (either Global Entry or TSA PreCheck) to which they or their eligible Additional Cards apply and pay for with their eligible Card regardless of whether they are approved for Global Entry or TSA PreCheck. However, eligible Card Members can earn no more than one credit for up to $85 for TSA PreCheck or $120 credit for Global Entry (but not both programs), depending upon the program the Card Member first applies for, for an application fee charged to an eligible Card. American Express has no control over the application and/or approval process for Global Entry or TSA PreCheck, and does not have access to any information provided to the government by the Card Member or by the government to the Card Member. American Express has no liability regarding the Global Entry or TSA PreCheck Programs. U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) (for Global Entry) and U.S. Transportation Security Administration (TSA) (for TSA PreCheck) charge an application fee to process each respective application regardless of whether the Card Member's application is approved. The Department of Homeland Security may suspend acceptance of applications on any basis at its discretion. American Express will provide a statement credit for the application fee regardless of the decision made by CBP (for Global Entry) or TSA (for TSA PreCheck) but will not provide a statement credit for subsequent application fees charged to the same eligible Card within 4 years, even if the original application is rejected.

Membership for Global Entry or TSA PreCheck is per person, and a separate application must be completed for each individual. TSA PreCheck application must be processed through a TSA official enrollment provider. Global Entry membership also includes access to the TSA PreCheck program with no additional application or fee required. For additional information on the Global Entry or TSA PreCheck programs, including information regarding the application and/or approval process and for a list of participating airlines and airports, as well as the full terms and conditions of the programs, please go to www.cbp.gov/travel/trusted-traveler-programs/global-entry for Global Entry and www.tsa.gov for TSA PreCheck. The Global Entry or TSA PreCheck programs are subject to change, and American Express has no control over those changes.

The statement credit benefit applies to the Global Entry or TSA PreCheck programs only. Other program applications including, but not limited to, NEXUS, SENTRI, FAST, and Privium are not eligible for the statement credit benefit.

Please allow up to 8 weeks after the qualifying Global Entry or TSA PreCheck transaction is charged to the eligible Card account for the statement credit to be posted to the Card account. Statement credits may not be received or may be reversed if an eligible purchase is returned, refunded, cancelled, or modified. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive the statement credit. If you do not see a credit for a qualifying purchase on your eligible Card after 8 weeks, simply call the number on the back of your Card. Card Members are responsible for payment of all application charges until the statement credit posts to the Card Account. American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. The transaction date may differ from the date you made the purchase if, for example, there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date. American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify eligible Global Entry and TSA PreCheck purchases. If American Express does not receive information that identifies your transaction as eligible for this benefit, the Basic Card Member will not receive the statement credit. Basic Card Members may not receive the statement credit if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify your purchase as eligible, if a transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party (such as an app store), or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it.

If the Card Account is canceled or past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. If American Express, in it's sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you. If a charge for an eligible purchase is included in a Pay Over Time feature balance on your Card Account, the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time feature balance. Instead, the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card.

Fine Hotels + Resorts® Program
Fine Hotels + Resorts® (FHR) program benefits are available for new bookings made through American Express Travel with participating properties and are valid only for eligible U.S. Consumer, Business, and Corporate Platinum Card® Members, and Centurion® Members. Additional Platinum Card Members on Consumer and Business Platinum and Centurion Card Accounts are also eligible for FHR program benefits. Companion Card Members on Consumer Platinum and Centurion Card Accounts, Additional Business Gold and Additional Business Expense Card Members on Business Platinum and Centurion Card Accounts, and Delta SkyMiles® Platinum Card Members are not eligible for FHR program benefits. Bookings must be made using an eligible Card and must be paid using that Card, or another American Express® Card, in the eligible Card Member's name, and that Card Member must be traveling on the itinerary booked. The average total value of the program benefits is based on prior-year bookings for stays of two nights; the actual value varies. Noon check-in and room upgrade are subject to availability and are provided at check-in; certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade. The type of $100 credit and additional amenity (if applicable) varies by property; the credit will be applied to eligible charges up to the amount of the credit. To receive the credit, the eligible spend must be charged to your hotel room. The credit will be applied at check-out. Advance reservations are recommended for certain credits. The type and value of the daily breakfast (for two) varies by property; breakfast will be valued at a minimum of US$60 per room per day. To receive the breakfast credit, the breakfast bill must be charged to your hotel room. The breakfast credit will be applied at check-out. If the cost of Wi-Fi is included in a mandatory property fee, a daily credit of that amount will be applied at check-out. Benefits are applied per room, per stay (with a three-room limit per stay). Back-to-back stays booked by a single Card Member, Card Members staying in the same room or Card Members traveling in the same party within a 24-hour period at the same property are considered one stay and are ineligible for additional FHR benefits ("Prohibited Action"). American Express and the Property reserve the right to modify or revoke FHR benefits at any time without notice if we or they determine, in our or their sole discretion, that you may have engaged in a Prohibited Action, or have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with your FHR benefits. Benefit restrictions vary by property. Benefits cannot be redeemed for cash and are not combinable with other offers unless indicated. Benefits must be used during the stay booked. Any credits applicable are applied at check-out in USD or the local currency equivalent. Benefits, participating properties, and availability and amenities at those properties are subject to change. To be eligible for FHR program benefits, your eligible Card Account must not be cancelled. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card.

Global Dining Access by Resy
The Global Dining Access program ("GDA") is a benefit available to eligible Card Members. "Eligible Card Members" are account holders of Platinum Card® or Centurion® Card from American Express, Business Platinum Card®, Business Centurion® Card from American Express, Corporate Platinum Card® or Corporate Centurion® Card from American Express, Delta SkyMiles® Reserve American Express Card, Delta SkyMiles® Reserve Business American Express Card, Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card, The Platinum Card® from American Express Exclusively for Morgan Stanley, The Platinum Card® from American Express Exclusively for Charles Schwab, The Platinum Card® from American Express for Goldman Sachs, and The Centurion® Card from American Express for Goldman Sachs (and any Additional Card Member(s) on their accounts). GDA may not be available for Cards issued from some countries. GDA provides eligible Card Members with (a) access to exclusive reservations, (b) Priority Notify, which allows GDA members to set notifications to be in the first group notified when tables become available on Resy that match the specifications set by the GDA members before they are made available to other Resy users, and (c) access to exclusive events. GDA reservations are accessible through the Resy App and Website ("Resy Sites") and Concierge. Some features of GDA, like Priority Notify, may not be available through Concierge. To access this benefit through the Resy App, you must download the Resy App; or if you already have the Resy App, ensure the latest update is downloaded. When using the Resy Sites, create a Resy account or log into your existing Resy account and add your eligible Card to your Resy account. If you are assigned a new Card number, you must update the Card number in your Resy account. When you use GDA, a badge will be placed on your Resy profile, letting restaurants know that you are a member of the GDA program. Reservations are based on a first-come, first-served basis. In the event of a reservation cancellation, you will be subject to the restaurant's cancellation policy. Generally, same-day reservations that are not booked by GDA members are released back to restaurants at certain times of day that vary across restaurant policies. American Express and Resy make no representations or warranties regarding the availability of reservations, events, and/or experiences, which shall at all times be subject to availability and the discretion of the applicable restaurant. Please include any dietary restrictions, food allergies or requested accommodations in your Resy profile. American Express and Resy are not responsible for any dietary restrictions, allergies, or for not being able to accommodate such restrictions or allergies. There is no cost to you for booking services through GDA, although you are responsible for any purchases or fees you authorize to be charged to your Card account. GDA reservations and events are intended for personal use only and cannot be resold or used for commercial purposes. By participating in the GDA program, you are accepting these GDA terms and conditions, which are in addition to and do not replace the Resy Sites' Terms of Service. To be eligible for this benefit, your Card account must not be cancelled. The GDA benefit provided through Resy is intended solely for personal use by eligible American Express® Card Members. To maintain fairness and prevent abuse of this benefit, Resy reserves the right to investigate through reasonable means any account that is suspected of using the GDA benefit in a manner that violates these GDA terms and conditions or Resy Sites' Terms of Service (including, but not limited to, "Usage Guidelines" that are provided therein). If upon such review, Resy determines, based on its reasonable discretion, that any of the aforementioned terms have been violated, Resy and American Express reserves the right to enforce appropriate consequences, including suspension or termination of access to the GDA benefit, termination of your Resy profile, and/or termination of associated American Express Card products. In conducting such review, Resy reserves the right to verify an account's compliance with all applicable terms and conditions through reasonable means, which may include requesting additional documentation or evidence of Card ownership to confirm eligibility and appropriate usage.

Hilton Honors Gold Status Enrollment
Enrollment through American Express is required to receive the benefit. Platinum Card® Members and Additional Platinum Card® Members on the Platinum Card® Account can enroll in complimentary Hilton Honors Gold status in the Benefits section of their americanexpress.com online account or by calling the number on the back of their Card. If a Card Member already has a Hilton Honors Number, they may enter it on the benefit page prior to enrollment. Benefit available only to Platinum Card® Members and is not transferable. Once the Card Member requests enrollment in the Hilton Honors program, American Express will share their enrollment information with Hilton. Hilton may use this information in accordance with its privacy policy available at hilton.com/en/p/global-privacy-statement/. Enrollment in the Hilton Honors Gold status benefit usually occurs within 72 hours, but in limited instances it may take longer. Please call the number on the back of your Card for assistance if you have not received a benefit enrollment communication with the status of your enrollment within 10 days from the date you enrolled through American Express. Enrolled Card Members will maintain Hilton Honors Gold Status without meeting otherwise required Hilton Honors criteria as long as the Card Member remains an eligible American Express Card Member or until American Express notifies the Card Member that the benefit is terminated. If your Platinum Card® is cancelled for any reason, your complimentary Hilton Honors Gold status provided with the Card will be cancelled. American Express reserves the right to change, modify or revoke complimentary Gold status at any time. If your complimentary Gold status is cancelled, you may be able to maintain your Gold status by qualifying under the Hilton Honors Program terms. Gold status benefits are subject to availability and vary by hotel; see Hiltonhonors.com/MemberBenefits, Hilton.com/en/hilton-honors/benefit-terms/, HiltonHonors.com/SLHTerms, and HiltonHonors.com/AutoCampTerms for additional details. The Hilton Honors Program, including the benefits of Hilton Honors membership, are subject to Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions; see hiltonhonors.com/terms.

To be eligible for this benefit, Card Account(s) must not be cancelled. If your Card has been replaced, please check the Benefits section of your americanexpress.com account, mobile app or call the number on the back of your Card to confirm your continued enrollment in the benefit. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit in any way, American Express may remove access to this benefit from the Account. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card.

Hilton Honors Status
Hilton Honors status benefits are subject to availability and vary by hotel; see Hiltonhonors.com/MemberBenefits, Hilton.com/en/hilton-honors/benefit-terms/, HiltonHonors.com/SLHTerms, and HiltonHonors.com/AutoCampTerms for additional details. The Hilton Honors Program, including the benefits of Hilton Honors Membership, are subject to Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions; see Hiltonhonors.com/terms.

Insider Fares
Insider Fares are valid only for Membership Rewards® program-enrolled Cards when a Card Member is booking through AmexTravel.com. Insider Fares will display in search results on AmexTravel.com only if an eligible Card Member is logged into his/her account and has enough Membership Rewards points for the entire fare; otherwise, publicly available fares will display. Insider Fares are fares for which less Membership Rewards points are required to purchase the flight. The entire amount of the purchase must be covered using Membership Rewards points. Insider Fares are only available on select flights. When purchasing an Insider Fare, the dollar amount of the fare will be charged to the Card Member's account and a credit will be issued in that dollar amount on the Card Member's statement; additionally, the number of Membership Rewards points required for the fare will be deducted from the Card Member's Membership Rewards account balance. Participating airlines and benefits are subject to change. For more information about the Membership Rewards program visit www.membershiprewards.com/terms.

Instant Card Number
Instant Card Number eligibility is based on our ability to instantly authenticate you. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receive an Instant Card Number that you may be able to use virtually anywhere American Express is accepted and a physical Card will not be required. In certain instances, you may not be able to use your Instant Card Number at a select merchant (for example, if the merchant requires your physical Card). You may not have access to your full credit line until after you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your physical Card within 5-7 business days of account approval.

Leaders Club Sterling Status from The Leading Hotels of the World®
Enrollment through American Express is required to receive the benefit. U.S. Consumer and Business Platinum Card® Members and any Additional Platinum Card® Members on the Card Account are eligible to enroll and receive Leaders Club Sterling Status from The Leading Hotels of the World® benefit.

Enrollment requires that the Card Member be a member of The Leading Hotels of the World, Ltd.'s Leaders Club. If a Card Member does not have a Leaders Club account, the Card Member can enroll in the Leaders Club program by visiting www.lhw.com/membership/amex and following the instructions to register. Once registration is complete, the Card Member will be provided with a Leaders Club number that must be entered in the Benefits section of their americanexpress.com online account or by calling the number on the back of their Card to enroll in the Leaders Club Sterling Status from The Leading Hotels of the World benefit.

Benefit is available to Business and Consumer Platinum Card Members, is not transferrable and has no cash value. Once the Card Member requests enrollment in the Leaders Club Sterling Status from The Leading Hotels of the World benefit, American Express will share the Card Member's enrollment information with The Leading Hotels of the World, who may use this information in accordance with its privacy policy available at lhw.com/privacy-policy. No more than 6 eligible American Express Cards can be linked to a Leaders Club account number. Enrollment in the Leaders Club Sterling Status from The Leading Hotels of the World benefit usually occurs within 72 hours, but in limited instances it may take longer. Please call the number on the back of your Card for assistance if you have not received a benefit enrollment communication with the status of your enrollment within 10 days from the date you enrolled through American Express. Enrolled Card Members who have completed enrollment for the Leaders Club Sterling Status from The Leading Hotels of the World benefit will maintain the Leaders Club Sterling status without otherwise meeting the Leaders Club Sterling status criteria as long as the Card Member remains an eligible American Express Card Member or until American Express notifies the Card Member that the benefit has been terminated. If a Card Member's Platinum Card® is cancelled for any reason, the complimentary Leaders Club Sterling status benefit will be cancelled.

American Express reserves the right to change, modify or revoke the Leaders Club Sterling Status from The Leading Hotels of the World benefit at any time. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that a Card Member has engaged in or intends to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the Leaders Club Sterling status from The Leading Hotels of the World benefit in any way, American Express may revoke the Card Member's Sterling status benefit. If the Leaders Club Sterling Status from The Leading Hotels of the World benefit is terminated by American Express, Card Members may be able to maintain Sterling status by qualifying under The Leading Hotels of the World's Leaders Club Terms and Conditions. Membership in the Leaders Club and the right to receive Leaders Club benefits are subject to The Leading Hotels of the World's Leaders Club Terms and Conditions which can be found at www.lhw.com/terms-and-conditions#lc-tcs.

To be eligible for the Leaders Club Sterling status from The Leading Hotels of the World benefit, Card Account(s) must not be cancelled and you must remain in good standing. If your Card has been replaced, please check the Benefits section of your americanexpress.com account, mobile app or call the number on the back of your Card to confirm your continued enrollment in the Leaders Club Sterling status from The Leading Hotels of the World benefit. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card.

Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee
Valid only for American Express Card Members. If you book a qualifying hotel rate on amextravel.com or the Amex Travel App™ and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults, the same rate type and cancellation policy at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. For prepaid reservations, your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. For verification of "pay later" hotel bookings, your claim must be submitted within thirty (30) days after you have completed the hotel stay, and the customer service representative may instruct you to mail a copy of your hotel receipt to American Express within that time period. American Express will honor the lower price for verified requests. The "Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee" policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, or (4) rates booked through the Fine Hotels + Resorts® and The Hotel Collection programs. Details

Lufthansa Lounge Access - Platinum
This benefit is available to U.S. Platinum Card® Members. Platinum Card Members have access to Lufthansa Lounges through September 30, 2026. Effective October 1, 2026, Platinum Card Members will not have access to any Lufthansa Lounges. Companion Platinum Cards on Consumer Platinum Accounts and Additional Gold and Additional Business Expense Cards on Business Platinum Accounts are not eligible for the Lufthansa lounges benefit. Platinum Card Members have complimentary access to select Lufthansa Business Lounges (regardless of ticket class) and Lufthansa Senator Lounges (when flying business class) when flying on a Lufthansa Group flight. To access the Lufthansa lounges, Platinum Card Member must present their valid Platinum Card, a government issued I.D., and a same-day departure boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation on a Lufthansa Group flight (Lufthansa, SWISS and Austrian airlines). Card Members must adhere to all rules of participating lounges. Participating lounges and locations subject to change without notice. Additional guest access and fees subject to terms and conditions of participating lounges. In some Lounges the Platinum Card Member must be at least 18 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. Must be of legal drinking age to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly.

For the most current list of Lufthansa lounges, guest access requirements, rules, and pricing policy, please visit https://www.lufthansa.com/de/en/lounges.

Marriott Bonvoy® Gold Elite Status
Enrollment through American Express is required to receive the benefit. Platinum Card® Members and Additional Platinum Card® Members are eligible to enroll in the complimentary Marriott Bonvoy® Gold Elite Status benefit in the Benefits section of their americanexpress.com online account or by calling the number on the back of their Card. If a Card Member already has a Marriott Bonvoy account number, they may enter it in the Benefits section prior to enrollment. Once the Card Member requests enrollment, American Express will share their enrollment information with Marriott International Inc. Marriott Bonvoy may use this information in accordance with its privacy statement available at www.marriott.com/about/privacy.mi. Enrollment into the Marriott Bonvoy program is required to receive program benefits, and enrollment may be terminated without prior notice subject to Marriott Bonvoy terms and conditions. Enrollment usually occurs within 3-5 business days, but in limited instances it may take longer. Please call the number on the back of your Card for assistance if you have not received a benefit enrollment confirmation within 10 days from the time you requested enrollment. The Marriott Bonvoy program is subject to change and certain eligibility requirements and benefit availability may vary by property. Marriott Bonvoy Gold Elite status benefits may be combined with the American Express Fine Hotels + Resorts program. Not all Marriott International brand properties participate in the Marriott Bonvoy program. Reservations booked through third parties and online booking services are not eligible to earn Marriott Bonvoy points, miles or Gold Elite Status benefits. All Marriott Bonvoy program terms and conditions apply; for complete terms and conditions, visit www.marriottbonvoy.com/terms. American Express reserves the right to instruct Marriott Bonvoy to remove Gold Elite status if the Card Member ceases to be a Platinum Card® Member or their account is cancelled or past due. To be eligible for this Gold Elite status benefit, Card Account(s) must not be cancelled and you must remain in good standing with Marriott Bonvoy. If your Card has been replaced, please check the Benefits section of your americanexpress.com account, mobile app or call the number on the back of your Card to confirm your continued enrollment in the Gold Elite status benefit. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this the Gold Elite status benefit in any way, American Express may remove access to this benefit from the Account. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card.

Marriott Bonvoy® Silver, Gold, Platinum Elite Status
Marriott Bonvoy® Elite status benefits may vary by property; see https://www.marriott.com/loyalty/member-benefits.mi for additional details. The Marriott Bonvoy program, including the benefits of Marriott Bonvoy Elite status benefits, are subject to the Marriott Bonvoy Loyalty Program Terms and Conditions, available at https://www.marriott.com/loyalty/terms/default.mi.

Membership Rewards® Pay with Points at AmexTravel.com
To use Pay with Points, you must charge your eligible purchase through American Express Travel to a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled American Express® Card. Eligible purchases through American Express Travel exclude non-prepaid car rentals and non-prepaid hotels. Points will be debited from your Membership Rewards account, and credit for corresponding dollar amount will be issued to the American Express Card account used. If points redeemed do not cover entire amount, the balance of purchase price will remain on the American Express Card account. Minimum redemption 5,000 points.

See membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program terms and conditions.

If your Card is eligible for Pay Over Time and if a charge for a purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Linked Account, the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead the statement credit may be applied to your Pay in Full balance. If you believe this has occurred, please contact us by calling the number on the back of your Card. Corporate Card Members are not eligible for Pay Over Time.

Membership Rewards® Program
Terms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more information. Participating partners and available rewards are subject to change without notice.

The value of Membership Rewards points varies according to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.

Membership Rewards® Program - Points for Statement Credit
Once you redeem, points will be deducted from your Rewards Account immediately and your statement credit will generally appear within 48 hours. If we process the statement credit after your Card Account closing date, it will appear on your next statement. Statement credits cannot be used to pay your Minimum Payment Due. Please remember to pay the Minimum Payment Due on your Card Account by the due date. If you are enrolled in AutoPay, redeeming points for a statement credit will not reduce or adjust your prescheduled AutoPay amount. All redemptions are final and cannot be reversed or expedited. Terms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more information. The value of Membership Rewards® points varies according to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.

Membership Rewards® Program - Transfer Points (Domestic Airlines)
Enrollment in a participating Frequent Flyer program is required. Airline tickets are subject to availability. For each conversion of points into the Frequent Flyer program of a U.S. airline, a fee of $0.0006 per point, with a maximum fee of $99, will be charged to your Card account. We charge this fee to offset the federal excise tax we must pay on such conversions. The fee may be more or less than the actual amount of the excise tax we pay on any individual conversion. We may offer you the option to redeem points to cover this fee.

No Foreign Transaction Fees
American Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.

No Preset Spending Limit
No Preset Spending Limit means the spending limit is flexible. Unlike a traditional card with a set limit, the amount you can spend adapts based on factors such as your purchase, payment, and credit history.

Pay It Plan It®
Pay It®
Pay It® is only available in the American Express® App for your eligible Account. With the Pay It feature, you can make a payment equal to the amount of a billed purchase less than $100. Payments made with Pay It are not applied to that billed purchase but to your outstanding balance in accordance with how we apply payments.

Your Account is eligible for Pay It if you are a Basic Card Member or Additional Card Member of a Card account issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express that is not canceled, excluding Accounts that do not have either a Credit Limit or the Pay Over Time feature. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.

Plan It®
With Plan It®, you can create up to 10 active payment plans, each subject to a plan fee. The plan fee is a fixed finance charge that will be charged each month that the corresponding plan is active. You will be offered 1-3 plan duration options for the qualifying purchase. The plan duration options can vary based on a variety of factors such as the purchase amount, your Account history and your creditworthiness. If you are enrolled in an intro or promotional APR, you may see limited plan duration options during the intro or promotional period when you use Plan It on your Account. If you create a plan during an introductory or promotional APR period, your plan fee will be based on the introductory or promotional APR as long as the plan is created before 11:59pm MST on the last day of the introductory or promotional period.

To create a plan, select qualifying purchases of $100 or more and a plan duration. If you have a Card with a Credit Limit, you may also be able to select a qualifying amount of $100 or more and a plan duration. When creating a plan for purchases, you may select up to 10 qualifying purchases for each plan. Qualifying purchases will be identified in your American Express online Account and American Express App. Qualifying purchases (or a qualifying amount, if you have a Card with a Credit Limit) do not include purchases of cash or cash equivalents, balance transfers (if offered), purchases subject to Foreign Transaction Fees, or any fee owed to us, including Annual Membership fees. Unless you are creating a plan at checkout, please allow 2-3 days for your purchase to post to your Account. Once your purchase posts and is no longer pending, you can create a plan for that purchase.

Your ability to create plans will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, and your Credit Limit or Pay Over Time Limit, as applicable. The Pay Over Time Limit applies to the total of your Pay Over Time, Cash Advance, and Plan balances. You may not be able to create a plan if it would cause you to exceed your Pay Over Time Limit or cause your Plan balance to exceed 95% of your Account Total New Balance on your last billing statement. You will not be able to create plans if your Pay Over Time feature is suspended or your Account is canceled. You will also not be able to create plans if one or more of your American Express Accounts is enrolled in a payment program, has a payment that is returned unpaid, or is past due. The number and length of plan duration options offered to you, the number of active plans you can have at a time, and your ability to include multiple qualifying purchases in a single plan, will be at our discretion and will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, the purchase amount(s), and your Account history. After a plan is paid in full, it will be removed from your Account in the next billing period.

Plan It is available on Card Accounts issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express, excluding Accounts that do not have either a Credit Limit or the Pay Over Time feature. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Managers on the Account can create a plan. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded Cards or Account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.
Pay Over Time
Eligible Charges
Purchases made by you or any Additional Card Member on your account (along with any associated foreign transaction fees) and Annual Membership Fees are eligible. The following types of charges are ineligible: Cash Advances, including cash and other cash equivalents, certain insurance premiums, and any other fees owed to American Express.

Pay Over Time
Pay Over Time has two settings: active and inactive. At Account opening, the Pay Over Time feature on your Account is set to Active. This means all eligible charges made on your account will automatically be added to your Pay Over Time balance. You can change or view your Pay Over Time setting at any time through your online account or by calling the number on the back of your Card. Purchases made and Annual Membership Fees charged when Pay Over Time is set to inactive will be added to your Pay In Full balance, which will be due in full each month.

On the Transaction Date, if Pay Over Time is set to active at 8 pm ET on the transaction date provided by the merchant for an eligible charge, or on the date when an eligible Annual Membership Fee is charged to your Account, the charge will automatically be added to your Pay Over Time balance, subject to your Pay Over Time Limit. If the addition of an entire charge to your Pay Over Time balance would cause the total of your Pay Over Time, Cash Advance, and Plan balances to exceed your Pay Over Time Limit, that charge will be added to your Pay In Full balance. The transaction date provided by the merchant may differ from the date you made the purchase if, for example, there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses the shipping date as the transaction date. Charges with the same transaction date will be added to your Pay Over Time balance in any order we choose.

On the Closing Date, if 1) the total of your Pay Over Time, Cash Advance, and Plan balances is less than your Pay Over Time Limit, 2) Pay Over Time is set to active at 8 pm ET and 3) there are eligible new charges in your Pay In Full balance with a transaction date when Pay Over Time was set to active, you authorize us to automatically move all or a portion of those charges to your Pay Over Time balance, subject to your Pay Over Time Limit. If the addition of a charge to your Pay Over Time balance would cause the total of your Pay Over Time, Cash Advance, and Plan balances to exceed your Pay Over Time Limit, we will move a portion of that charge to your Pay Over Time balance, up to your Pay Over Time Limit. The remaining portion of the charge will remain in your Pay In Full balance. Eligible charges will be moved to your Pay Over Time balance in order of the transaction dates. Charges with the same transaction date will be added to your Pay Over Time balance in any order we choose. A new charge, or a portion of a new charge, will not be eligible to be moved to your Pay Over Time balance on your Closing Date if:
• that charge is subject to a Foreign Transaction Fee;
• that charge or a portion of that charge is disputed (for a reason other than fraud) and that dispute is not resolved in the same billing period in which it was opened;
• that charge or a portion of that charge is reported as fraudulent and either (i) we determined the charge is fraudulent in the same billing period in which it was posted to your account, or (ii) we have not yet determined if the charge is fraudulent in the same billing period in which it was posted to your account;
• you have created a plan for that charge using Plan It;
• Pay Over Time is suspended on your Account; or
• your Account is cancelled or enrolled in a payment program.

Pay Over Time Limit
We assign a Pay Over Time Limit to your Account. The Pay Over Time Limit applies to the total of your Pay Over Time, Cash Advance, and Plan balances. Your Pay Over Time balance cannot exceed your Pay Over Time Limit. If the addition of a charge would cause your Pay Over Time balance to exceed your Pay Over Time Limit, that charge will be added to your Pay In Full balance. When there is a delay in posting cash advances or plans to your account, the total of your Pay Over Time, Cash Advance, and Plan balances may exceed your Pay Over Time Limit. The Pay Over Time Limit is not a spending limit. We may approve or decline a charge regardless of whether your Card Account balance is greater or less than your Pay Over Time Limit. We may increase or reduce your Pay Over Time Limit at any time. We may do so even if you pay on time and your Account is not in default. We will tell you if we change your Pay Over Time Limit. You must pay at least the Minimum Payment Due, which includes your Pay In Full balance, by the Payment Due Date each month. The Minimum Payment Due includes all charges that were not added to a Pay Over Time and/or Cash Advance or Plan balance, plus a portion of your Pay Over Time and/or Cash Advance balance, any interest accrued, and any Plan Payment Due.

Interest on Your Pay Over Time Balance(s)
For charges added automatically to a Pay Over Time balance at the time they post to your account, we charge interest from the transaction date. For charges that we automatically move from your Pay In Full balance to your Pay Over Time balance on your Closing Date, we charge interest from the day after they are added to your Pay Over Time balance. We will not charge interest on charges automatically added to your Pay Over Time balances if you pay your Account Total New Balance by the Payment Due Date each month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances on the transaction date. You must pay in full, by the Payment Due Date, any charge or a portion of a charge that is not added to a Pay Over Time, Cash Advance, or Plan balance.

Platinum Destinations® Vacations
Platinum Destinations® Vacations ("PDV") benefits are valid only for new bookings made with participating suppliers by calling the number on the back of your eligible Card. Participating suppliers and PDV benefits are subject to change. Benefits cannot be combined with other offers unless indicated. Benefits are valid only for eligible U.S. Consumer and Business Platinum and Centurion® Card Members (Delta SkyMiles® Platinum Card Members are not eligible). PDV bookings must be made and paid for using the eligible Card and eligible Card Member must be traveling on the itinerary booked. Any charges on your eligible Card made outside of American Express Travel® will not qualify for additional points, including installments or other payments made directly to a participating supplier. PDV-eligible Card Members that are Membership Rewards program-enrolled will receive one (1) extra Membership Reward® point per eligible dollar spent on PDV bookings; separate airfare and other charges associated with PDV bookings are not eligible. Extra points will be credited to the Card Member's Membership Rewards account within 10-12 weeks after final payment is made. For more information visit membershiprewards.com/terms.

Platinum Member Airfares™ and Centurion Member Airfares™
Platinum Member Airfares and Centurion Member Airfares provide Platinum Card and Centurion Members with access to reduced fares when compared to the fares available to other American Express Card Members through Amex Travel. Platinum Member Airfares and Centurion Member Airfares are available only for the following Eligible Card Members: (a) Basic U.S. Consumer, Business, and Corporate Platinum Card® and Centurion® Card Members; and (b) Additional Platinum Cards on U.S. Consumer and Business Platinum Card Accounts and Additional Centurion and Additional Platinum Cards on U.S. Consumer and Business Centurion Accounts. Platinum Member Airfares and Centurion Member Airfares are for savings on select first class, business class, and premium economy tickets with participating airlines on designated international flights booked through American Express Travel. Platinum Member Airfares and Centurion Member Airfares may also be available for savings on: (i) select economy tickets with limited participating airlines on designated international flights booked through American Express Travel and (ii) select tickets with limited participating airlines on designated domestic flights booked through American Express Travel. Participating airlines and ticket availability are subject to change. Bookings must be made by an Eligible Card Member using an American Express Card in their name for themselves and up to seven passengers traveling on the same itinerary. Delta SkyMiles® Card Members, Companion Card Members on Consumer Platinum and Centurion Card Accounts, Additional Business Gold and Business Expense Card Members on Business Platinum and Centurion Card Accounts are not eligible for Platinum Member Airfares and Centurion Member Airfares. Platinum Member Airfares and Centurion Member Airfares are available for round trip adult tickets. All other journey and passenger types may be excluded. Routes may vary by airline and are subject to change. Most tickets will originate in and return to U.S. gateway (may exclude certain overseas territories) and select Canadian gateways. Savings are applied to the base airfare. Savings do not apply to applicable government-imposed taxes and fees or any applicable airline-imposed fees (including baggage, seat selection or other airline ancillary fees that are not included with the ticket). Savings are not combinable with other airline offers unless otherwise indicated. Lower fares may be available elsewhere. Airline fare rules and restrictions apply and are subject to change at the discretion of the airline. American Express and the airline reserve the right to modify or revoke airline benefits at any time without notice if we or they determine, in our or their sole discretion, that you may have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with your airline benefits. Tickets are non-refundable unless otherwise indicated. Tickets are non-transferable; name changes are not permitted. Changes to tickets (if permitted) may incur an airline-imposed change fee, and/or any difference in fare. Exchanges may not be permitted. Cancellations of tickets (if permitted) may incur an airline-imposed cancellation fee.

Platinum Nights™ by Resy
U.S. Consumer, Business, and Corporate Platinum Card Members are eligible to receive access to the Platinum Nights™ by Resy benefit. Additional Card Members on U.S. Consumer and Business Platinum Card Accounts are also eligible to receive access.

The Platinum Nights by Resy benefit provides eligible Card Members with access to in-restaurant dining reservations on select nights in select cities. Reservations are limited, vary by restaurant and are available on a first-come, first-served basis. Reservation release dates will be determined by each restaurant according to their own policies which vary by restaurant. Reservations are subject to the restaurants' respective cancellation policies, which can be found on their Resy venue page. Resy reserves the right to release reservations to other Resy users at any time. Payment using an American Express® Card is encouraged.

To access the Platinum Nights by Resy benefit, an eligible American Express Card must be added to your Resy profile. Platinum Nights by Resy reservations will be accessible through resy.com/platinum, Resy.com, the Resy iOS app, and American Express Concierge (collectively, "Resy Sites"). To access these reservations through the Resy iOS app, you must download the Resy iOS app, or if you already have the Resy iOS app, ensure the latest version is downloaded. When using the Resy Sites, create a Resy profile, or log into your existing Resy profile, and add your eligible Card. If you are assigned a new Card number (for example, if you replace your Card or if your Card has expired), you must update the Card number in your Resy profile.

American Express and Resy make no representations or warranties regarding the availability of reservations, events, and/or experiences, which are subject to availability and the discretion of the applicable restaurant. In-person and over-the-phone reservations (i.e., without using Resy) may be accommodated, subject to space and availability limitations. Please include any dietary restrictions, food allergies, or requested accommodations in your Resy profile. American Express and Resy are not responsible for any dietary restrictions, food allergies, or for not being able to accommodate such restrictions or allergies. You are responsible for any purchases or fees associated with your reservation(s). Platinum Nights by Resy reservations are intended for personal use only and cannot be transferred, redistributed, or otherwise sold to another individual or entity. Must be 21 years of age to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly.

The Platinum Nights by Resy benefit provided through Resy is intended solely for personal use by eligible American Express Card Members. To maintain fairness and prevent abuse of this benefit, Resy reserves the right to investigate through reasonable means any account that is suspected of using the Platinum Nights by Resy benefit in a manner that violates these Platinum Nights by Resy terms and conditions or Resy Sites' Terms of Service (including, but not limited to, "Usage Guidelines" that are provided therein). If upon such review, Resy determines, based on its reasonable discretion, that any of the aforementioned terms have been violated, Resy and American Express reserve the right to enforce appropriate consequences, including suspension or termination of access to the Platinum Nights by Resy benefit, termination of your Resy profile, and/or termination of associated American Express Card products. In conducting such review, Resy reserves the right to verify an account's compliance with all applicable terms and conditions through reasonable means, which may include requesting additional documentation or evidence of Card ownership to confirm eligibility and appropriate usage.

By making a Platinum Nights by Resy reservation, you agree to these Platinum Nights by Resy terms and conditions, which supplement the Resy Terms of Service: https://resy.com/terms. To be eligible for this benefit, you must have an active and eligible card. For more information, please visit resy.com/platinum.

Plaza Premium
This benefit is available to U.S. Platinum Card® Members. Companion Platinum Cards on Consumer Platinum Accounts and Additional Gold and Additional Business Expense Cards on Business Platinum Accounts are not eligible for the Plaza Premium Lounges benefit. Card Members receive complimentary access to any global location of Plaza Premium Lounges. Card Member must present their valid Card, a boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation for same-day travel on any carrier and government-issued I.D. In some cases, Card Member must be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. Card Members may bring up to two (2) companions into Plaza Premium Lounges as complimentary guests. Must be of legal drinking age to consume alcohol. Please drink responsibly. Card Member must adhere to all house rules of participating lounges. Card Members and their guests will receive all of the complimentary benefits and amenities afforded to the Plaza Premium Lounge customers, as well as access to purchase non-complimentary items. Some product features may be subject to additional charges. Plaza Premium Lounge locations are subject to change.

Premium Access
Transportation and accommodation costs are additional unless otherwise stated. The price indicated covers event costs only. Tax and gratuity extra. All sales are final and non-refundable, and resale is prohibited. Payment must be made using an eligible American Express® Card. Details and prices are subject to change. Packages are available on a first-come, first-served basis. Availability is limited. Must be 21 years of age or older to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. Participating merchants and available rewards are subject to change without notice.

Premium Events Collection™
Consumer, Business, and Corporate Platinum Card® and Centurion® Members are eligible for Premium Events Collection™ experiences. Additional Platinum Cards on Consumer and Business Platinum accounts as well as Additional Platinum and Centurion Members on Consumer and Business Centurion Accounts are also eligible to receive access. Transportation and accommodation costs are additional unless otherwise stated. The price indicated covers event costs only. All sales are final and non-refundable, non-transferable and resale is strictly prohibited. Details and prices are subject to change. Payment must be made using an eligible Platinum Card® or Centurion® Card. Card Members may be asked to present their eligible American Express Card used to purchase the packages to be admitted into the event. Failure to present the Card could result in denied entry to the event and possible termination of the packages without refund. Packages are available on a first-come, first-served basis. Availability is limited. Must be 21 years of age or older to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. American Express reserves the right to limit the number of events Card Members (and their guests) may attend and to cancel tickets/packages without refund for any violations of the terms and conditions of this event. American Express also reserves the right to remove any person from any event for inappropriate behavior including, but not limited to, conduct that is disruptive, abusive, or violent. American Express is not responsible for the actions or inactions of any third party. For more information, please visit americanexpress.com/entertainment.

Premium Global Assist® Hotline
While Premium Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members may be responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. Premium Global Assist Hotline may provide emergency medical transportation assistance at no cost if approved and coordinated by Premium Global Assist Hotline. For full Terms and Conditions call 1-800-345-AMEX or see americanexpress.com/GAterms.

Priority Pass™ Select
This benefit is available to U.S. Platinum Card® Members. Platinum Card® Members and Additional Platinum Card® Members must enroll in the Priority Pass™ Select program through the benefits section of their americanexpress.com account or by calling the number on the back of their Card to receive the benefit. Companion Platinum Cards on Consumer Platinum Accounts and Employee Business Gold Rewards Cards and Employee Business Expense Cards on Business Platinum Accounts are not eligible for the Priority Pass Select benefit. Priority Pass is an independent airport lounge access program. You acknowledge and agree that American Express will verify your Card Account number and provide updated Card Account information to Priority Pass. Priority Pass will use this information to fulfill on the Priority Pass Select program and may use this information for marketing related to the program. Once enrolled, Platinum Card Members with a valid Card Account may access participating Priority Pass Select lounges by presenting their Priority Pass Select card and airline boarding pass. If the Card Account is canceled, you will not be eligible for Priority Pass Select and your enrollment will be canceled. When visiting a Priority Pass Select lounge that admits guests, Platinum Card® Members receive complimentary access for up to two accompanying guests. After two guests, the Card Account on file with Priority Pass Select will be automatically charged the guest visit fee of the Priority Pass Standard program for each additional guest after you have signed up for the additional guest visit and it has been reported to Priority Pass by the participating lounge. Some lounges limit the number of guests or do not admit guests. In some lounges, Priority Pass Select members must be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. Priority Pass Select members must adhere to all house rules of participating lounges and access to participating lounges is subject to all rules, terms and conditions of the applicable lounge. Amenities may vary among airport lounge locations. Conference rooms, where available, may be reserved for a nominal fee. Priority Pass Select lounge partners and locations are subject to change. All Priority Pass Select members must adhere to the Priority Pass Conditions of Use, which will be sent to you with your membership package, and can be viewed at www.prioritypass.com. Upon receipt of your enrollment information, Priority Pass will send your Priority Pass Select card and membership package which you should receive within 10–14 business days. If you have not received the Priority Pass card after 14 days, please contact American Express using the number on the back of your American Express® Card. To receive immediate access to lounges after your enrollment in Priority Pass Select has been processed, you can activate your membership online by using your Priority Pass Select membership details to receive a Digital Membership Card. For a step-by-step guide on the activation process, visit prioritypass.com/activation.

Effective May 19, 2026, guest visit fees may be automatically charged to your Card or paid during the check-in process at the Priority Pass lounge, as instructed by check-in staff at the Priority Pass lounge.

Effective June 22, 2026, you acknowledge and agree that American Express will verify your email address and provide that information to Priority Pass. Priority Pass will use this information to fulfill the Priority Pass program and may use this information for marketing related to the program. Upon receipt of your enrollment information, Priority Pass will send you (a) email instructions to receive your Priority Pass Digital Membership Card or (b) a membership package by mail within 10-14 business days containing your physical Priority Pass Card. Once enrolled in Priority Pass, Platinum Card Members whose Card account is not cancelled may access participating Priority Pass lounges by presenting their valid physical Priority Pass Card or their Priority Pass Digital Membership Card and airline boarding pass. Platinum Card Members may be able to enter select Priority Pass lounges by presenting their valid physical Platinum Card and airline boarding pass. Check-in staff at the Priority Pass Lounge will be able to advise if this check-in method is available.

Return Protection
Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.

Seller of Travel
American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. is acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers and is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. Certain suppliers pay us commission and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals and may provide incentives to our Travel Consultants. For more information visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms.

California CST#1022318; Washington UBI#600-469-694

Send & Split®
Send & Split® is only available in the American Express® App ("Amex App") to Card Members with an eligible Card. Eligible Cards are US-issued Basic Consumer Cards that are issued by American Express National Bank and are not cancelled. Prepaid Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards, American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions and American Express Cards issued outside of the United States are not eligible Cards. To use Send & Split, you must first have an email address on file, enroll in Send & Split® in your American Express Online Account ("Online Account") and open an Amex Send® stored balance account ("Send Account"). You must have or create an account with Venmo or PayPal and link your Online Account to your PayPal or Venmo account to use Send & Split. You must add money to your Send Account from your eligible Card(s) to use Send & Split to send a Venmo or PayPal recipient. The charge on your Card for an Add Money transaction does not earn rewards and is subject to the Card's purchase APR. There is no fee to send funds to US recipients. PayPal charges a fee to send funds to non-US recipients.

For complete details visit americanexpress.com/sendandsplitterms to view Terms & Conditions. Send Account issued by American Express National Bank, Member FDIC.

Shop Small® Map
Only qualifying American Express Card accepting small merchants will be featured on the map. Please note that business location and other information provided on the map may contain inaccuracies or errors, including as a result of information provided by third parties. The data on this map is constantly being updated, please continually check back for updates.

Sidecar by The Centurion® Lounge
U.S. Platinum Card® Members have complimentary access to Sidecar by The Centurion® Lounge. Please visit thecenturionlounge.com for more information on Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge availability. Companion Platinum Cards on Consumer Platinum Accounts and Employee Business Gold Rewards Cards and Employee Business Expense Cards on Business Platinum Accounts are not eligible for access to Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge. All access to Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge is subject to space availability. To access Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge, Platinum Card Members must arrive within 90 minutes of their departing flight (including layovers) and present the Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge agent with the following upon each visit: their valid Card, a boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation for a departing flight on the same day on any carrier and a government-issued I.D. Name on boarding pass must match name on the Card. Failure to present this documentation may result in access being denied. Card Members must be at least 18 years of age to enter without a parent or legal guardian. All Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge visitors must be of legal drinking age in the jurisdiction where Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge is located to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. American Express reserves the right to remove any person from Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge for inappropriate behavior or failure to adhere to rules, including, but not limited to, conduct that is disruptive, abusive or violent. Soliciting other Card Members for access into Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge is not permissible. Hours may vary by location and are subject to change. Amenities vary among Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge locations and are subject to change. Card Members will not be compensated for changes in locations, rates or policies. In addition to the complimentary services and amenities in Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge, certain services, products or amenities may be offered for sale and you are responsible for any purchases of such services, products or amenities. Services available at the Member Services Desk are based on the type of American Express Card used to enter Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge. American Express will not be liable for any articles lost or stolen or damages suffered by visitors to The Centurion Lounge. If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge access in any way or that you intend to do so, we may remove access to The Centurion Lounge and to Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge from the Platinum Account. Use of Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge is subject to all rules and conditions set by American Express. American Express reserves the right to revise the rules at any time without notice.

U.S. Platinum Card Members, U.S. Business Platinum Card Members and Additional U.S. Platinum Card Members on the Account will be charged a $50 USD fee for each guest (or $30 for children aged 2 through 17, with proof of age) per location unless they have qualified for Complimentary Guest Access. Effective July 8, 2026, all guests must be traveling on the same flight as the Card Member. If you choose to visit multiple locations of The Centurion Lounge and/or Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge in the same day, guest fees will apply at each location. U.S. Platinum Card and U.S. Business Platinum Card Members may qualify for Complimentary Guest Access for up to two (2) guests per visit to locations of Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge in the U.S. ("Complimentary Guest Access"), after spending $75,000 or more on eligible purchases on the Platinum Account in a calendar year. Once effective, Complimentary Guest Access will be available for the remainder of the calendar year in which it became effective, the following calendar year, and until January 31 of the next calendar year (for example, if Complimentary Guest Access became effective on May 1, 2025, it would remain effective until January 31, 2027). Eligible purchases made by any Additional Card Members on the Platinum Account will contribute to the purchase requirement. Complimentary Guest Access is limited to two (2) guests per Card Member per visit, regardless of whether you are eligible for complimentary guest access through multiple Platinum Accounts or through other Amex Cards. Guest access policies may vary internationally by location and are subject to change.

Eligibility for Complimentary Guest Access will typically be processed within a week of the Platinum Account's meeting the purchase requirement, but may take up to 12 weeks to become effective. Complimentary Guest Access status will be reflected in the Benefits tab of your online Account and in the American Express App. Eligible purchases to meet the purchase requirement are for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or other cash equivalents. If a Card Member upgrades or downgrades from a different American Express Card to a Platinum Account, eligible purchases made on that Card Account will count toward meeting the purchase requirement to achieve Complimentary Guest Access on the new Platinum Account.

SoulCycle At-Home Bike Credit
Basic Card Members and Additional Card Members on U.S. Consumer Platinum Card Accounts are eligible to receive a $300 statement credit when using their Card to make a single purchase of a SoulCycle At-Home Bike online at www.equinoxplus.com/bike. A 12-month Equinox+ membership is required to purchase a SoulCycle At-Home bike. The SoulCycle At-Home Bike Credit may not be combined with any other discounts or offers unless indicated. The SoulCycle At-Home Bike is available to purchase and ship in the 48 contiguous United States and Washington, D.C. Platinum Card Members can receive the $300 statement credit on up to 15 individual SoulCycle At-Home Bike purchases per calendar year. Purchases made in-store or through the Equinox mobile app are not eligible for the statement credit. Not valid on purchases of gift cards or purchases of the SoulCycle At-Home Bike made using a financing option at the time of purchase. Equinox+ memberships and accessories purchased separately from a SoulCycle At-Home Bike are not eligible for the statement credit. See the SoulCycle At-Home Bike website for shipping and return policies and restrictions. Limit of 1 statement credit per purchase of a SoulCycle At-Home Bike. Statement credits typically post to the account within 48 hours but may take up to 6-8 weeks after an eligible purchase is charged to your Card Account.

If American Express does not receive information that identifies your transaction as eligible for the benefit, you will not receive the statement credit. In addition, in most cases, you may not receive the statement credit if your transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it.

To be eligible for this benefit, the Card Account must not be canceled and not past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you. If a charge for an eligible purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Card Account, the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead, the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance.

For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card.

Spending Limits
When you request that we apply a limit as described below on Charges incurred by an Additional Card Member on your Account, you agree to these terms. These terms supplement, and are incorporated by reference into, the terms of your Card Member Agreement.

At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of Purchases, during each billing period, that are charged to Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of cash access transactions at ATMs, during each billing period, that are made using Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guarantee that the Additional Card Member will be able to make Purchases or cash access transactions up to the applicable limit. In applying any limit we will not take into account any credits (such as for returned merchandise or for payments), even if a credit relates to a Purchase made by the Additional Card Member. Any request that we change a limit may not be effective until a subsequent billing period. Any Charges (as defined below) incurred by the Additional Card Member prior to the date during a billing period that we apply the limit will not be subject to the limit for that billing period.

Because of systems or administrative considerations, arrangements with merchants, or for other business reasons, we may, but are not required to, treat some Purchases and/or cash access transactions (collectively, Charges) as not being subject to any such limits. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. While we typically require merchants to obtain an authorization for purchases and submit final transaction documentation for payment in a timely manner, a limit may not apply or may be exceeded when a merchant does not obtain an authorization for any reason; when a merchant obtains an authorization for a partial amount of the final charge submitted to us for payment; or when such submissions are not submitted or processed at the same time that the authorization is obtained. Examples may include, but are not limited to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in duty-free stores, or on board airplanes or cruise vessels; international airline ticket Purchases; vehicle rentals; lodging stays extended beyond original reservation period; certain mail order Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurring basis; Purchases at gas stations; telecommunications charges, including charges incurred with calling cards; taxicab charges; security deposits; late, damage or other fees in connection with rentals; Purchases billed in installments; restaurant tips and other gratuities; and Charges that occur before the end of billing period, if the Charge is posted to your Account after the Closing Date of that billing period. Any limit will not be applied to Charges for foreign currency or for travelers cheques or gift cheques obtained other than by telephone from us.

The Spending Limit for the Additional Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Limit is set on the Additional Card, spending capacity on this Card will be subject to the Basic Card Member's account terms and conditions.

The Centurion® Lounge
U.S. Platinum Card® Members have unlimited complimentary access to all locations of The Centurion® Lounge. Companion Platinum Cards on Consumer Platinum Accounts and Employee Business Gold Rewards Cards and Employee Business Expense Cards on Business Platinum Accounts are not eligible for access to The Centurion Lounge. All access to The Centurion Lounge is subject to space availability. To access The Centurion Lounge, Platinum Card Members must arrive within 3 hours of their departing flight and present The Centurion Lounge agent with the following upon each visit: their valid Card, a boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation for a departing flight on the same day on any carrier and a government-issued I.D. Name on boarding pass must match name on the Card. Failure to present this documentation may result in access being denied. Effective July 8, 2026, during a layover, Card Members must arrive within 5 hours of the connecting flight. Same-day round trip itineraries are not considered connecting flights. Card Members must be at least 18 years of age to enter without a parent or legal guardian. All Centurion Lounge visitors must be of legal drinking age in the jurisdiction where the Lounge is located to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. American Express reserves the right to remove any person from the Lounge for inappropriate behavior or failure to adhere to rules, including, but not limited to, conduct that is disruptive, abusive or violent. Soliciting other Card Members for access into our Lounge is not permissible. Hours may vary by location and are subject to change. Amenities vary among The Centurion Lounge locations and are subject to change. Card Members will not be compensated for changes in locations, rates or policies. In addition to the complimentary services and amenities in the Lounge, certain services, products or amenities may be offered for sale, and you are responsible for any purchases of such services, products or amenities. Services available at the Member Services Desk are based on the type of American Express Card used to enter the Lounge. American Express will not be liable for any articles lost or stolen or damages suffered by visitors to The Centurion Lounge. If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with Lounge access in any way or that you intend to do so, we may remove access to The Centurion Lounge from the Platinum Account. Use of The Centurion Lounge is subject to all rules and conditions set by American Express. American Express reserves the right to revise the rules at any time without notice.

U.S. Platinum Card Members, U.S. Business Platinum Card Members and Additional U.S. Platinum Card Members on the Account will be charged a $50 fee for each guest (or $30 for children aged 2 through 17, with proof of age) per location unless they have qualified for Complimentary Guest Access. Effective July 8, 2026, all guests must be traveling on the same flight as the Card Member. If you choose to visit multiple locations of The Centurion Lounge and/or Sidecar by The Centurion Lounge® in the same day, guest fees will apply at each location. U.S. Platinum Card and U.S. Business Platinum Card Members may qualify for Complimentary Guest Access for up to two (2) guests per visit to locations of The Centurion Lounge in the U.S. and select international locations (as set forth on the Centurion Lounge Website) ("Complimentary Guest Access"), after spending $75,000 or more on eligible purchases on the Platinum Account in a calendar year. Once effective, Complimentary Guest Access will be available for the remainder of the calendar year in which it became effective, the following calendar year, and until January 31 of the next calendar year (for example, if Complimentary Guest Access became effective on May 1, 2025, it would remain effective until January 31, 2027). Eligible purchases made by any Additional Card Members on the Platinum Account will contribute to the purchase requirement. Complimentary Guest Access is limited to two (2) guests per Card Member per visit, regardless of whether you are eligible for complimentary guest access through multiple Platinum Accounts or through other Amex Cards. Guest access policies (including, but not limited to, guest fees and number of complimentary guests per visit) applicable to international locations of The Centurion Lounge may vary by location and are subject to change. Please visit thecenturionlounge.com (the "Centurion Lounge Website") to learn more about guest access policies for international locations of The Centurion Lounge.

Eligibility for Complimentary Guest Access will typically be processed within a week of the Platinum Account's meeting the purchase requirement, but may take up to 12 weeks to become effective. Complimentary Guest Access status will be reflected in the Benefits tab of your online Account and in the American Express App. Eligible purchases to meet the purchase requirement are for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or other cash equivalents. If a Card Member upgrades or downgrades from a different American Express Card to a Platinum Account, eligible purchases made on that Card Account will count toward meeting the purchase requirement to achieve Complimentary Guest Access on the new Platinum Account.

The Hotel Collection Program
The Hotel Collection (THC) benefits are available for new bookings of two consecutive nights or more made through American Express Travel with participating properties and are valid only for eligible U.S. Consumer and Business Gold Card, Platinum Card® Members, and Centurion® Members. Additional Card Members on Consumer and Business Platinum Card Accounts, and Additional Card Members on Consumer and Business Centurion Accounts are also eligible for THC program benefits. Delta SkyMiles® Gold and Platinum Card Members are not eligible. Bookings must be made using an eligible Card and must be paid using that Card, or another American Express® Card, in the eligible Card Member's name, and that Card Member must be traveling on the itinerary booked. Noon check-in, late check-out and the room upgrade are subject to availability; certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade. The type of $100 credit and additional amenity (if applicable) varies by property; the $100 credit will be applied to eligible charges up to $100. To receive the $100 credit, the eligible spend must be charged to your hotel room. The $100 credit will be applied at check-out. Advance reservations are recommended for certain credits. Benefit restrictions vary by property. Benefits are applied per room, per stay (with a three-room limit per stay). Back-to-back stays booked by a single Card Member, Card Members staying in the same room or Card Members traveling in the same party within a 24-hour period at the same property are considered one stay and are ineligible for additional THC benefits ("Prohibited Action"). American Express and the Property reserve the right to modify or revoke the THC benefits at any time without notice if we or they determine, in our or their sole discretion, that you have engaged in a Prohibited Action, or have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with your THC benefits. Benefits cannot be redeemed for cash and are not combinable with other offers unless indicated. Benefits must be used during the stay booked. Any credits applicable are applied at check-out in USD or the local currency equivalent. Benefits, participating properties, and availability and amenities at those properties are subject to change. To be eligible for THC program benefits, your eligible Card Account must not be cancelled. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card.

Trip Cancellation and Interruption Insurance
Coverage is provided by New Hampshire Insurance Company, an AIG Company, at no-additional-cost to the Card Member. Coverage is subject to certain terms, conditions and limitations, including limitations on the amount of coverage. This benefit provides secondary coverage. For more information about the coverage, please see the Guide to Benefits at americanexpress.com/TCITerms.

Trip Delay Insurance
Coverage is provided by New Hampshire Insurance Company, an AIG Company, at no-additional-cost to the Card Member. Coverage is subject to certain terms, conditions and limitations, including limitations on the amount of coverage. This benefit provides secondary coverage. For more information about the coverage, please see the Guide to Benefits at americanexpress.com/TDTerms.

Using Points for Charges
You can use points to cover eligible charges on your Card Account only if you're the Basic Card or Basic Business Card Member. You also may be able to use points for this purpose if you're the Account Manager or Rewards Manager for a Card Account. Corporate Card Members are not eligible.

The list of eligible charges can change from time to time without notice. We do not have to make any charges eligible for you to cover with points.

Generally, an eligible charge is one that:
• Occurs in the U.S. or in a U.S. territory
• Appears in your recent activity online or in your current statement
• Has never been disputed
• Is at least $1

You may use points only toward the entire amount of an eligible charge.

We'll deduct the points from your Rewards Account right away and we'll credit your Card Account within 48 hours. If we process the credit after your Card Account's closing date, it will not appear until your next statement. In this case, you must still pay the amount due on your current Card statement by the due date. If you are enrolled in AutoPay, redeeming points for a statement credit will not reduce or adjust your prescheduled AutoPay amount.



Walmart+ Monthly Membership Credit
Basic U.S. Consumer Platinum Card® Members can receive a statement credit for one Walmart+ monthly membership fee (up to $12.95 plus applicable taxes) on the first membership fee transaction that American Express processes each month when a Basic or Additional Card on the Account is used to pay for a Walmart+ monthly membership. Enrollment in Walmart+ monthly membership is required. Purchases of any membership Plus Ups (for example, Walmart InHome) and purchases of Walmart Business+ memberships are not eligible for this benefit. Purchases by both the enrolled Basic Card Member and Additional Card Members on the Card Account are eligible for statement credits. However, a statement credit will be provided for only one Walmart+ monthly membership fee per Card Account per month, whether the fee is charged to the Basic Card or an Additional Card. If you are already enrolled in a Walmart+ monthly membership, the Basic Card Member will begin receiving a monthly statement credit after your Walmart+ monthly membership fee is charged to the Card. If you are enrolled in an annual Walmart+ membership, the Account will not receive the monthly statement credit for that annual membership. For the Card Account to receive the credit, you must switch your annual Walmart+ membership, at least one day before your annual renewal date, to a Walmart+ monthly membership. If you do not switch before your renewal date, your annual Walmart+ membership will automatically renew and the Account will not receive monthly statement credits for the annual membership fee. To switch your annual Walmart+ membership to a monthly membership, please update your membership type by visiting www.walmart.com/plus/amexplatinum or by calling 1 (800) 925-6278. Once enrolled in a Walmart+ monthly membership, your membership will automatically renew each month unless cancelled and Walmart will charge the applicable membership fee to the Card Walmart has on file. American Express has no control over the approval process for Walmart+ and does not have access to any information provided to Walmart by the Card Member or by Walmart to the Card Member. Enrollment in the Walmart+ membership program is subject to the full Walmart+ Terms of Use (including the Walmart.com Terms of Use), found here: www.walmart.com/plus/amexplatinum/terms. Walmart+ membership is available to all U.S. residents, however, certain benefits of Walmart+ membership (such as free shipping and fuel discounts) are not available in the U.S. territories other than Puerto Rico. For additional information on Walmart+ memberships, including a summary of their benefits and benefit availability, please go to www.walmart.com/plus or call 1 (800) 925-6278. American Express has no control over, or responsibility for, the Walmart+ membership program which is subject to change according to the Walmart+ terms. Please allow up to 8 weeks after a qualifying Walmart+ monthly membership fee is charged to the Card Account for the statement credit to be posted to the Account. American Express relies on the merchant's processing transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date then your purchase may not earn the statement credit benefit for the benefit period in which you made the purchase. For example, if an eligible purchase is made on December 31st but the merchant processes the transaction such that it is identified to us as occurring on January 1st, the January statement credit would be applied if available. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive the statement credit. American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify eligible purchases. If American Express does not receive information that identifies your transaction as eligible for this benefit, the Basic Card Member will not receive the statement credit. Basic Card Members may not receive the statement credit if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify your purchase as eligible, if a transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party (such as an app store), or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it. If you do not see a credit for a qualifying purchase on the Card Account after 8 weeks, please call the number on the back of your Card. If the Card Account is cancelled or past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. Statement credit(s) may not be received or may be reversed if an eligible purchase is returned, refunded, cancelled, or modified. If you are assigned a new Card number or have a Card number on file with Walmart+ that is outdated (for example, if you replace your Card or if your Card has expired), you must update your Card information on file with Walmart+ to help ensure that you receive statement credits for eligible Walmart+ membership fees charged to your eligible Card. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide and may reverse any statement credits provided to you. If a charge or an eligible purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on the Card Account, the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead, the statement credit may be applied to the Pay In Full balance. If you have questions about how a statement credit is applied to your Account, call the number on the back of your Card.

Year-End Summary
The Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.

AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURES
For important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguide

Baggage Insurance Plan
Baggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions.  For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms. If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.

Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance
Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms. If You have any questions about a specific vehicle, please call Us at 1-800-338-1670, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.

Extended Warranty
Extended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions.  For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms. If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.

Purchase Protection
Purchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions.  For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms. If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.