Skip to Content
CITI DISCLOSURES
Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases
19.49% to 29.49%, based on your creditworthiness.
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
APR for Balance Transfers
19.49% to 29.49%, based on your creditworthiness, for transfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
APR for Cash Advances
29.74%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.b
APR for Citi Flex Plans
19.49% to 29.49%, based on your creditworthiness.
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
Penalty APR and When it Applies
Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.c
This APR may be applied to your account if you:
(1) Make a late payment or
(2) Make a payment that is returned.
How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.
How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases
Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your monthly Citi Flex Plan Payment Amount plus your entire balance, excluding any Citi Flex Plan balances, by the due date each month. If you do not pay your monthly Citi Flex Plan Payment plus your entire balance, excluding any Citi Flex Plan balances, by the due date each month, you will pay interest on your purchases from the date they're posted to your account. We will begin charging interest on cash advances, balance transfers, and Citi Flex Loans on the transaction date. We will begin charging interest on a Citi Flex Pay balance subject to an APR at the start of the billing cycle following the billing cycle during which you created the Citi Flex Pay.
Minimum Interest Charge
If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50.
Plan Fee (Fixed Finance Charge)
A monthly fee of up to 1.72% of each Transaction moved to a Citi Flex Plan subject to such fee based on the Citi Flex Plan duration, the APR that would otherwise apply to the Transaction, and other factors.
For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Fees
Annual Fee
$350
Transaction Fees
Balance Transfer
Either $5 or 5% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
Cash Advance
Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Foreign Purchase Transaction
None
Penalty Fees
Late Payment
Up to $41
Returned Payment
Up to $41
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including current transactions)."
For more information call Citibank, N.A. at 1-877-625-6382 (TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service). New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods.
Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, including transferred balances. Generally, any amount paid over the Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest APR balances first.
Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 6.75% Prime Rate.
a We add 12.74% to 22.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer/Citi Flex Plan APR.
b We add 22.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR.
c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR.

Variable APRs are calculated based on the Prime Rate plus the additional amount shown above. However, these APRs will not exceed 29.99%. This means if a calculated APR exceeds 29.99%, then that APR will be 29.99%. If the calculated APR is equal to or below 29.99%, then that APR will be that calculated amount.
Note: Balance Transfers and Flex Plans are made available at our discretion.
Citi® / AAdvantage® GlobeTM Mastercard® Terms & Conditions
This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. If you're married, you may apply for a separate account. The Card offer referenced in this communication is only available to individuals who reside in the United States and its territories, excluding Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands. Your eligibility for a particular product and service is subject to a final determination by Citibank. This communication is not and should not be construed as, an offer to individuals outside of the United States. Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account application.

You understand and agree that by submitting this application you are furnishing all information in this application to Citi and that this information may be used in accordance with Citi’s Privacy Notice, available below. You also agree that the information you are providing herein must be verifiable and accurate. By submitting this application, you request that Citi establish a [ Citi® / AAdvantage® GlobeTM Mastercard® ] account (the "Card Account") to you and any Authorized Users you have designated. The Card Account will be governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issued.

You understand and agree that we may use information received from American Airlines for the purpose of supporting your application for credit. Such information is collected and shared with Citi in accordance with American Airlines’ Privacy Policy at https://www.aa.com/privacy.

By submitting this application you understand and agree that you are also furnishing your personal information to American Airlines for purposes of enrolling or verifying your enrollment in the AAdvantage®program. American Airlines may use your personal information in accordance with its Privacy Policy, available at https://www.aa.com/privacy. If you are not an AAdvantage®member or did not provide an AAdvantage®account number in your application, you consent to enrollment in the AAdvantage®program, which is governed by the AAdvantage®terms and conditions available at https://www.aa.com/.

Identity Verification
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification information about you or any Authorized User you add to your account.

Authorization for the Social Security Administration to Disclose Your Social Security Number Verification - You authorize the Social Security Administration (SSA) to verify and disclose to Citibank, N.A. through Early Warning Services, LLC for the purpose of this transaction whether the name, Social Security Number (SSN) and date of birth you have submitted matches information in SSA records. Your consent is for a one-time validation within the next 90 days.

ABOUT USING YOUR MOBILE PHONE TO APPLY FOR AN ACCOUNT ONLINE
You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Citi or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.

Separately, Citibank may obtain information about your mobile phone activity from third parties and may use this information for its other everyday business purposes. For more information, see our U.S. Privacy Notice for Consumers.

Communications
You agree that we and our service providers may contact you at any phone number provided, email address, or mailing address. This includes communications to mobile or similar device. We may contact you by live person, auto dialer, recorded or artificial voice, text, or email for servicing, marketing information, or with our decision on your credit card application.

Credit Reports
You authorize us to get credit reports and other information about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, including information about your credit or deposit accounts with other financial institutions. This information may be used for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Account, credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Card Account, offering other products and services and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether we requested a credit bureau report and the names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report negative information about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting agencies.

Credit Information
To receive a Card Account, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness and any other of our eligibility criteria, which we determine in our sole discretion.

Your credit limit will be determined based on the following:

Your annual salary and wages
Any other annual income
A review of your debt, including the debt listed on your credit report
We'll inform you of your credit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $3500. Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your credit limit.

Card Agreement
If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account. The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account, the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement. We have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement and applicable law.

Information Sharing
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING PRIVACY: You understand and agree that by submitting this application you are furnishing all information in this application to Citi and that Citi may use any information collected from you regarding you personally and your business in accordance with Citi's Privacy Policy located online at www.citi.com/privacy. You also agree that the information you are providing herein must be verifiable and accurate. By submitting this application, you request that Citi establish a Citi® / AAdvantage® GlobeTM Mastercard® account (the "Card Account") to you and any Authorized Users you have designated. The Card Account will be governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issued.

By submitting this application you understand and agree that you are also furnishing your personal information to American Airlines for purposes of enrolling or verifying your enrollment in the AAdvantage® program and agree that we may share transaction and experience information regarding your activity with Citi with them. American Airlines may use this information in accordance with its Privacy Policy, available at https://www.aa.com/privacy. If you are not an AAdvantage® member or did not provide an AAdvantage® account number in your application, you consent to enrollment in the AAdvantage® program, which is governed by the AAdvantage® terms and conditions available at https://www.aa.com/. You must maintain an open AAdvantage® account to maintain your Card Account.

Special Notices
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.

Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before your account is opened.

Important Information About Adding An Authorized User
Before adding an Authorized User to your Card Account, you should know:

You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the Authorized User.
Authorized Users have access to your Card Account information.
Before adding an Authorized User, you must let him/her know that we may report Card Account performance to the credit reporting agencies in the Authorized User's name.
If we ask for information about the Authorized User, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law.

Balance Transfer Information
How to Make Balance Transfers

After receiving your card, you can call the customer service number on the back of your card (For TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service) to transfer balances. Balance transfers are made available at our discretion.
If we give you the option to transfer a balance with your application, it will take at least 14 days after your Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer payments. During this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling the number on the back of your card (For TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service).
The total amount of your balance transfer plus balance transfer fees must be less than your available credit limit or any other limit we communicate. Be sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount because you may lose your dispute rights. You cannot transfer balances from other accounts issued by Citibank, N.A. or its affiliates. If you are unsure of the issuer on the account, please visit citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliates.
Continue to make any required minimum payments to your creditor(s) until you have confirmed this Balance Transfer has been completed. The available credit limit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, including fees we approve.
Things You Should Know About Your Balance Transfer Offer:

If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest will be charged on purchases made with your Card Account unless your purchases have a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amount of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing period. If your New Balance includes a Citi Flex Plan, interest will be charged on purchases unless you pay the Adjusted New Balance shown on your statement, plus any Citi Flex Plan Payment Amount, by the due date each month or those purchases have a 0% APR.

Additional Information - Citi® / AAdvantage® Globe™ Mastercard®
When you register for digital access, you will be required to agree to receive monthly statements and some legal notices only electronically if you have not agreed previously. You can change your delivery preferences at any time after registration by managing the paperless settings for your account.

Offer Availability
American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles are not available if you have received a new account bonus for a Citi® / AAdvantage® Globe™ Mastercard® account in the past 48 months or if you converted another Citi credit card account on which you earned a new account bonus in the last 48 months into a Citi® / AAdvantage® Globe™ Mastercard® account. The card offer referenced in this communication is only available to individuals who reside in the United States and its territories, excluding Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands.

AAdvantage® Bonus Miles
Balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your credit card account, items and services returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, traveler’s checks, purchases of foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) are not purchases. American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles typically will appear as a bonus in your AAdvantage® account 8-10 weeks after you have met the purchase requirements. AAdvantage® miles may be earned on purchases made by primary credit cardmembers and Authorized Users. Purchases must post to your account during the promotional period. Many merchants will wait for a purchase to ship before they post the purchase to your account. AAdvantage® miles earned will be posted to the primary credit cardmember’s AAdvantage® account.

3X AAdvantage® Miles on Eligible American Airlines Purchases
Earn 1 AAdvantage® base mile and 2 AAdvantage® bonus miles, for a total of 3 AAdvantage® miles, for each $1 spent on eligible American Airlines purchases using your Citi® / AAdvantage® Globe™ Mastercard®. The Primary credit cardmember and any Authorized Users on the credit card are eligible for this benefit.

Eligible American Airlines purchases are items billed by American Airlines as the merchant of record. Products or services that do not qualify are purchases of AAdvantage® status boost or renewal and AA Cargo™ products and services. AAdvantage® miles earned will be posted to the Primary credit cardmember's AAdvantage® account in 8-10 weeks.

6X AAdvantage® Miles on Eligible Hotels Booked Through aadvantage hotels™ Website
Earn 1 AAdvantage® base mile and 5 AAdvantage® bonus miles, for a total of 6 AAdvantage® miles, for each $1 spent on hotel purchases using your Citi® / AAdvantage® Globe™ Mastercard®, when an eligible booking is made on aadvantagehotels.com. For bookings made with a combination of AAdvantage® miles and your Citi®/ AAdvantage® Globe™ card, only the portion paid with your card will earn AAdvantage® miles. Hotels booked through American Airlines Vacations℠ website and hotels booked under "Reserve Now, Pay Later" payment feature are not eligible to earn AAdvantage® bonus miles. The Primary credit cardmember and any Authorized Users on the credit card are eligible for this benefit.

AAdvantage® miles will apply to net purchases (purchases minus any credits or returns) only. Cash advances, balance transfers, and checks used to access your account are not considered purchases and will not earn rewards. All purchases made outside of American Airlines channels such as hotel incidentals, upgrades, or other expenses, will not qualify. Eligible purchases do not include interest charges, cancellation fees, property fees or other similar fees, or any other hotel charges. AAdvantage® miles earned will be posted to the Primary credit cardmember's AAdvantage® account in 8-10 weeks.

2X AAdvantage® Miles at Restaurants
Earn 1 AAdvantage base mile and 1 AAdvantage® bonus mile, for a total of 2 AAdvantage® miles for each $1 spent on purchases at restaurants (including cafes, bars, lounges, fast food restaurants, restaurant delivery services, and takeout restaurants). Food and beverage purchases made at the American Airlines Admirals Club® will be awarded 3 AAdvantage® miles for each $1 spent as part of the 3X AAdvantage® miles on American Airlines purchases benefit.

Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases. Restaurant purchases not eligible to receive 2X AAdvantage® miles include, but are not limited to, supercenters, warehouse clubs, discount stores, restaurants / cafes inside department stores, bowling alleys, public and private golf courses, country clubs, convenience stores, movie theaters, caterers, and meal kit delivery services.

2X AAdvantage® Miles on Eligible Rides and Rails™ Purchases
Earn 1 AAdvantage® base mile and 1 AAdvantage® bonus mile, for a total of 2 AAdvantage® miles for each $1 spent on eligible Rides and Rails™ purchases (including ferries, commuter railways, subways, taxis/limousines/car services, rideshare services, passenger railways, bridge and road tolls, parking lots/garages, and bus lines)

Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases. Rides and Rails™ purchases not eligible to receive 2X AAdvantage® miles include, but are not limited to, purchases made at charter and tour bus operators, car rental agencies and car rental services, and motor home and recreational vehicle rental agencies.

1 AAdvantage® Mile Per $1
AAdvantage® miles are earned on purchases, except balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your credit card account, items and services returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, traveler’s checks, purchases of foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions). AAdvantage® miles may be earned on purchases made by primary credit cardmembers and Authorized Users. AAdvantage® miles earned will be posted to the primary credit cardmember’s AAdvantage® account in 8-10 weeks.

Merchant Classification for Rewards Categories
Merchants are assigned a merchant category code (“MCC”), which is determined in accordance with Visa/Mastercard/American Express procedures based on the kinds of products and services the merchants primarily sell. Citi does not control the assignment of these codes and are not responsible for the codes used by merchants. When you use your card to make a purchase, Citi is provided an MCC for that purchase. Citi groups similar merchant codes into categories for purposes of making rewards offers. Sometimes you may expect a purchase to fit within a rewards category, but if the code assigned to the merchant wasn’t grouped into that category as recognized by Citi, your purchase will not qualify for additional AAdvantage® miles. Please also note – purchases made through mobile/wireless technology may not earn additional AAdvantage® miles depending on how the technology is set up to process the purchase.

Citi reserves the right to determine which purchases qualify for this offer. AAdvantage® miles may be earned on purchases made by primary credit cardmembers and Authorized User. Balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your credit card account, items and services returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, traveler’s checks, purchases of foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) are not purchases and do not earn AAdvantage® miles. AAdvantage® miles earned will be posted to the Primary credit cardmember’s AAdvantage® account in 8-10 weeks.

No Mileage Cap
There is no maximum number of American Airlines AAdvantage® miles that you can accumulate through your Citi® / AAdvantage® credit card account.

Mileage Expiration
For primary AAdvantage® credit cardholders, AAdvantage® miles do not expire as long as the card account is open. For details, click here.

Preferred Boarding
For the benefit to apply, the Citi® / AAdvantage® account must be open, and the reservation must include the primary credit cardmember’s American Airlines AAdvantage® number.

If you apply by phone and do not provide an email address, or apply via paper application, to access this benefit, your account must have been opened 7 days prior to air travel. For new accounts, the reservations must include the primary credit cardmember's American Airlines AAdvantage® number 7 days prior to air travel.

If your credit card account is closed for any reason, this benefit will be cancelled. This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Up to Eight(8) companions traveling with and listed in the same reservation as the Citi® / AAdvantage® primary credit cardmember are eligible to board at the same time as the primary credit cardmember. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.

Eligible credit cardmembers will board after Priority boarding is complete, but before the rest of economy boarding. The boarding benefit will display on your American Airlines boarding pass as Group 5. This benefit applies on flights marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated as American Eagle® flights by Envoy Air Inc., Republic Airways Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., or Piedmont Airlines, Inc.

First Checked Bag Free
For the benefit to apply, the Citi® / AAdvantage® account must be open, and the reservation must include the primary credit cardmember’s American Airlines AAdvantage® number.

If you apply by phone and do not provide an email address, or apply via paper application, to access this benefit, your account must have been opened 7 days prior to air travel. For new accounts, the reservation must include the primary credit cardmember’s American Airlines AAdvantage® number 7 days prior to air travel.

If your credit card account is closed for any reason, these benefits will be cancelled. Eligible Citi® / AAdvantage® primary credit cardmembers may check one bag free of charge when traveling on domestic itineraries marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on itineraries marketed by American Airlines and operated as American Eagle® flights by Envoy Air Inc., Republic Airways Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., or Piedmont Airlines, Inc. All flights on the itinerary must be domestic flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by American Airlines or American Eagle. This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. For the Citi® / AAdvantage® credit card, up to eight (8) companions traveling with the eligible primary credit cardmember will also get their first checked bag free of charge if they are listed in the same reservation. Waiver does not apply to overweight or oversized bags. Golf Bags are accepted as standard checked baggage. Standard checked baggage weight conditions apply and must be within weight limit of 50lbs. Oversize fees do not apply. Terms and conditions apply. This benefit cannot be combined with any existing AAdvantage® program benefits, or with First or Business class benefits, including any waiver of baggage charges. Please see aa.com/baggage for baggage weight and size restrictions. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.

Up to $100 Back on American Airlines Inflight Purchases
Citi® / AAdvantage® Globe™ Mastercard® credit cardmembers are eligible to receive a statement credit of up to $100 every calendar year for inflight purchases. This benefit applies to domestic flights marketed and operated by American Airlines or on domestic flights marketed by American Airlines and operated as American Eagle® flights by Envoy Air Inc., Republic Airways Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., or Piedmont Airlines, Inc. This benefit is not available on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Offer is available on eligible flights as long as supplies last. Savings will appear as a statement credit 8-10 weeks after the transaction is posted to the credit cardmember's card account. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.

American Airlines Companion Certificate
The primary credit cardmember will earn a $99 domestic economy fare American Airlines Companion Certificate after Citi® /AAdvantage® Globe™ Mastercard® credit card account renewal each year. To receive the Companion Certificate, your account must be open for one full billing cycle after your anniversary month. With the exception of special account status or circumstances (e.g. Military relief programs), the anniversary month will coincide with the month in which the annual fee is billed. Please allow at least 8-10 weeks for availability of the Companion Certificate in your AAdvantage® account. You must have an open AAdvantage® account for the Companion Certificate to be awarded to your account and to redeem the certificate. When used according to its terms, the primary credit cardmember will pay a $99 companion ticket fee plus any applicable government taxes and fees billed by American Airlines, depending on the itinerary for one round trip qualifying domestic economy fare ticket for a companion when an individual round trip qualifying domestic Main Cabin fare ticket is purchased and redeemed through American Airlines Meeting Services. Travel must be booked and purchased in select Main Cabin inventory. The certificate must be redeemed and all travel completed by midnight CST of the Travel Expiration Date shown on the certificate. Valid for travel on flights within the 48 contiguous United States on flights marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated as American Eagle® flights by Envoy Air Inc., Republic Airways Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., or Piedmont Airlines, Inc. For residents of Alaska and Hawaii, the Companion Certificate is also valid for round-trip travel originating in either of those two states and continuing to the 48 contiguous United States. For residents of the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico, companion certificate eligible travel is also defined as round-trip travel originating in either of those two territories and continuing to the 48 contiguous United States. The Companion Certificate is not redeemable for air travel on any oneworld® carrier or on an American Airlines codeshare flight. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice. Details, terms and conditions, certain restrictions, and restricted dates apply and will be disclosed on the certificate.

Four Admirals Club® Globe™ Passes to American Airlines Admirals Club® lounges
Each calendar year, the Citi® / AAdvantage® Globe™ Mastercard® primary cardmember will receive four digital Admirals Club® Globe Passes ("Pass" or "Passes") to the Admirals Club lounges.

The primary cardmember must redeem one Pass to enter an Admirals Club lounge and may redeem available passes for each accompanying adult 18 years of age or older The primary cardmember may redeem all four passes in one visit to bring in a maximum of three adult guests. The primary cardmember must be present with each accompanying adult for them to enter any Admirals Club lounge location. Once redeemed, a Pass is valid for a 24-hour period and can be used in multiple locations during that time. Up to 3 children under 18 years of age who are traveling with an adult who redeemed a Pass may also enter the lounge. Any Passes not redeemed at the end of the calendar year will be forfeited. To review a current list of Admirals Club lounges please visit aa.com/admiralsclub.

To access an Admirals Club® lounge, the primary cardmember must present for themselves and on behalf of accompanying adults: a Pass located in their AAdvantage Wallet (located in the American Airlines Mobile App) or their boarding pass including their AAdvantage® number. The primary cardmember and any accompanying adults must also present: (i) their current government-issued I.D.; and (ii) a boarding pass for same-day travel on an eligible flight, which includes any departing or arriving flight that is (1) marketed or operated by American Airlines, (2) marketed and operated by any oneworld® carrier, or (3) marketed and operated by Alaska Airlines; and (iii) any additional documentation required by American Airlines. All persons must be of valid drinking age, based on applicable law, to consume alcohol.

All Admirals Club® membership rules, terms and conditions apply. AMERICAN AIRLINES RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY ANY OR ALL RULES, TERMS AND CONDITIONS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE. SUCH MODIFICATIONS SHALL BE EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY AND INCORPORATED INTO THIS AGREEMENT. BY ACCESSING ANY ADMIRALS CLUB® LOUNGE YOU SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE ACCEPTED THE ADMIRALS CLUB® TERMS AND CONDITIONS. To review the complete Admirals Club® membership terms and conditions, visit aa.com/admiralsclub. Upon closure of the Citi® / AAdvantage® Globe™ card account for any reason, all Passes not redeemed are forfeited.

American Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantage® program and its terms and conditions at any time with or without notice, and to end the AAdvantage® program with six months' notice. Any such changes may affect your ability to use AAdvantage® Rewards and Benefits that you have already accumulated American Airlines is not responsible for products or services offered by other participating companies. All third-party provider terms and conditions apply. For more information on miles and Loyalty Points, visit aa.com/loyaltypoints. For complete details about the AAdvantage® program, visit aa.com/aadvantage. For the AAdvantage® terms and conditions, visit aa.com/aadvantageterms.

1 Loyalty Point Per Eligible AAdvantage® Mile
1 Loyalty Point accrues for every eligible AAdvantage® mile earned on purchases, excluding balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your credit card account, items and services returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, traveler’s checks, purchases of foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions). Eligible AAdvantage® miles include the AAdvantage® base miles earned on purchases, and do not include any AAdvantage® bonus miles or accelerators. Loyalty Points may be earned on AAdvantage® miles on purchases made by primary credit cardmembers and Authorized Users. Loyalty Points earned will be posted to the primary credit cardmember’s AAdvantage® account in 8-10 weeks.

Flight Streak™ Bonus
Citi® / AAdvantage® Globe™ Mastercard® primary credit cardmembers are eligible for the Flight Streak™ bonus: after every four (4) qualifying American Airlines flight segments, earn a Flight Streak™ bonus of 5,000 additional Loyalty Points. You can earn the Flight Streak ™ bonus up to three (3) times (for a total of up to 15,000 additional Loyalty Points) each status qualification year, defined as the AAdvantage® Membership year from the first day of March through the last day of February. A qualifying American Airlines flight is any flight segment flown during the status qualification year, marketed or operated by American Airlines or American Eagle flights that earn AAdvantage® miles. Basic Economy flight segments booked on American Airlines are still eligible towards cardmembers Flight Streak™ bonus. Flight segments flown on award tickets do not qualify. Qualifying flights flown before being a Globe™ primary credit cardmember do not qualify. Award of the Flight Streak™ bonus is based on qualifying flights taken during status qualification year only, and not the calendar year.

Additional Loyalty Points earned as a result of this benefit will typically be posted to the Primary credit cardmember's AAdvantage® account 8-10 weeks after the qualifying flight segments are posted to the Primary credit cardmember's AAdvantage® account. Loyalty Points only count toward status qualification for the AAdvantage® program. Loyalty Points earned through this benefit will not count toward AAdvantage® Million Miler™ status. Loyalty Points cannot be redeemed for award travel, AAdvantage® miles or any other AAdvantage® program awards. AAdvantage® program status requirements and balance are available at aa.com/newaadvantage.

Travel Protection Benefits
Benefits are subject to terms, conditions, and limitations, including limitations on the amount of coverage. Coverage is provided by New Hampshire Insurance Company, an AIG company. Coverage is secondary within the Eligible Renter's country of residence. Please refer to your Guide to Protection Benefits to learn more.

Up to $240 Back on Turo
Citi® / AAdvantage® Globe™ Mastercard® cardmembers are eligible to receive up to $240 in statement credits each calendar year (up to $30 in statement credits for each eligible Turo trip completed, for a total of up to $240 in statement credits annually). There is no minimum purchase requirement to earn the statement credit. All Turo bookings worldwide charged directly on turo.com and the Turo mobile application are eligible for the statement credit. Please allow 1-2 billing cycles after the Turo trip is completed for the statement credit to be posted to the account. A Turo trip is complete once the booked vehicle has been returned on time to the designated return location on the booking reservation. Any charges made to the cardmember after a Turo trip is completed are not deemed part of the completed Turo trip and are ineligible transactions to receive statement credit.

Duplicate, fraudulent, canceled, refunded purchases and purchases made in violation of either Turo terms of service or Citi terms of use, as determined by Turo or Citi, as applicable, are not eligible for this offer.

Benefits pursuant to this offer are limited to Citi® / AAdvantage® Globe™ cardmembers. To qualify, the cardmember must link their Citi® / AAdvantage® Globe™ card to their Turo account on Turo.com/Globe (a "Linked Account") and book their trip using their Citi® / AAdvantage® Globe™ card. Only one Turo account can be connected to each Citi™ / AAdvantage® Globe™ card. Trips paid for using Virtual Account Numbers, Virtual Card Numbers, or Digital Wallets including, but not limited to, Apple Pay, Android Pay, etc., are not Eligible Trips and will not count towards receiving the statement credit. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice. To be eligible for this benefit, your Citi® / AAdvantage® Globe™ card must be open and in good standing at the time of the booking.

Up to $100 Annual Splurge Credit℠
Each calendar year, you may receive up to $100 in statement credits towards purchases made with a activated Splurge Credit merchant. Only the primary cardmember may sign-in at citi.com/splurgecredit or call 1-833-888-2168 (TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service) to select the Splurge Credit merchant(s) they would like to activate for their Splurge Credit. You may activate no more than two (2) Splurge Credit merchants at any time. When you activate a Splurge Credit Merchant, we register your activation using Eastern Time. This could impact the day your new Splurge Credit Merchant is activated, or a merchant being replaced is deactivated, depending on your time zone You may change your merchant(s) selection at any time. Once selected, a merchant is activated as of 12:00 AM ET on the day the merchant is selected. For example, if you select a merchant at 11:00 PM ET on a Wednesday, all purchases made with that merchant from 12:00 AM ET on Wednesday may qualify for a Splurge Credit. If more than two merchants are selected in any day, the final two selections at 11:59 PM ET will be activated for that day. Splurge Credit merchant options are subject to change at any time. If your activated Splurge Credit merchant is removed from the program, it is your responsibility to activate another merchant.

Once a Splurge Credit merchant is activated, credits will be issued for purchases at the activated merchant that post to the Citi® / AAdvantage® Globe™ Mastercard®, up to a total of $100 each calendar year. To receive a Splurge Credit, the Splurge Credit merchant must be activated when the purchase is authorized by the merchant. If the Splurge Credit merchant was activated when the purchase was authorized but is no longer activated when the purchase posts to the account, the purchase will still be eligible for a Splurge Credit. If the merchant does not authorize a purchase, for whatever reason, then the purchase will not be eligible for a Splurge Credit. Purchases made by either the primary cardmember or Authorized Users are eligible for Splurge Credits. However, the total amount of Splurge Credits will not exceed $100 per calendar year for the Account, regardless of who made the purchase.

Splurge Credits are applied after the purchase posts to your account. Splurge Credits are applied to the annual Splurge Credit amount for the calendar year the purchase was authorized. Eligible purchases that are authorized before December 31st, 11:59PM each calendar year are eligible for statement credits within that year even if the purchase posts to your account the following year. Some merchants will not process a purchase transaction until the merchandise is shipped, which may delay when a purchase posts to your account. If a merchant authorizes a purchase repeatedly over time before posting the purchase to your account, Citi will use the last authorization date to determine eligibility. Citi is not responsible for when a merchant processes a transaction or how many times they authorize a transaction, if at all. Citi reserves the sole right to determine which year’s Splurge Credit benefit an eligible purchase is applied to.

To qualify for a Live Nation Splurge Credit(s), a purchase must be made directly on livenation.com or ticketmaster.com, and the purchase must be fulfilled by Live Nation or Ticketmaster. Purchases fulfilled by any other third-party service are not eligible to receive Splurge Credit(s). Livenation.com and ticketmaster.com purchases made for events or venues outside of the United States and U.S. Territories are not eligible to receive Splurge Credit(s). Live Nation and Ticketmaster are not sponsors of this offer and are in no way responsible for the administration of the offer, the verification of eligibility, or the fulfillment of credits. All inquiries regarding the offer should be directed to Citi at 1-833-888-2168 (TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service). Citi reserves the sole right to determine which purchases qualify for a Splurge Credit. It may take up to 1-2 billing cycles for your Splurge Credit to appear on your statement. Splurge Credits are not applied to the Minimum Payment Due on your account.

Up to $120 Global Entry® or TSA Precheck® Application Fee Credit
Citi® / AAdvantage® Globe™ Mastercard® credit cardmembers are eligible to receive one statement credit of up to $120 per account every four years for either the Global Entry® or the TSA PreCheck® program application fee. Credit cardmembers must charge the application fee to their Citi® / AAdvantage® Globe™ card to qualify for the statement credit. Credit cardmembers will receive a statement credit for the first program (either Global Entry® or TSA PreCheck®) to which they apply and pay for with their eligible card, regardless of whether they are approved for Global Entry® or TSA PreCheck®. Please allow 1-2 billing cycles after the qualifying Global Entry® or TSA PreCheck® fee is charged to the eligible account for the statement credit to be posted to the account. Only fees associated with either the Global Entry® or the TSA PreCheck® application fee will be eligible towards the statement credit.

For information on Global Entry®, visit globalentry.gov. For information on TSA PreCheck®, visit tsa.gov. Applications are made directly with these organizations, and this information is not shared with Citi, nor does Citi have access to Global Entry® or TSA records. Citi does not share account information with Global Entry® or TSA. Decisions to approve/deny applications are made solely by these organizations, and Citi has no influence over these decisions. Citi is not notified of approvals or denials of applications.

TSA PreCheck® is a registered trademark of the Department of Homeland Security.

Authorized User
Before adding an Authorized User to your credit card account, you should know:

You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the credit card account by the Authorized User. AAdvantage® miles earned on an Authorized User’s credit card will be allocated to the AAdvantage® account of the primary credit cardholder and not the Authorized User. Authorized Users have access to your credit card account information. Before adding an Authorized User, you must let him/her know that we may report credit card account performance to the credit reporting agencies in the Authorized User's name. If we ask for information about the Authorized User, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law. Authorized Users do not receive the first checked bag free, boarding, or Four Admirals Club® Passes benefits.

Fraud Disclosure
If Citi sees evidence of fraud, misuse, abuse, or suspicious activity, as determined by Citi in its sole discretion, Citi reserves the right to take action against you and your credit card account. This may include, without limitation and without prior notice, declining your credit card account application, stopping you from earning American Airlines AAdvantage® miles for purchases made with your card, suspending or closing your Citi® / AAdvantage® card account, and advising American Airlines of such activity. Citi may also take legal action against you to recover monetary losses, including litigation costs and damages. Examples of activities that may trigger such actions include, but are not limited to, the following: (1) application for a card account in an attempt to take advantage of a bonus offer that was not intended for you or for which you are not eligible per the terms of the offer; (2) repeated cancellation or conversion of your Citi card accounts within one year after account opening or conversion; (3) returns of purchases you made to satisfy all or a substantial portion of the purchase requirements for a bonus offer or excessive returns of purchases for which you have earned AAdvantage® miles or (4) using your account other than for personal, family or household purposes.

Card Account Disclosure
The Card Account is only available if you have an open AAdvantage® program membership in your name. Citi reserves the right to cancel your Card Account if you or American Airlines terminates or deactivates your AAdvantage® program membership.

American Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantage® program and its terms and conditions at any time with or without notice, and to end the AAdvantage® program with six months' notice. Any such changes may affect your ability to use AAdvantage® Rewards and Benefits that you have already accumulated. American Airlines is not responsible for products or services offered by other participating companies. All third-party provider terms and conditions apply. For more information on miles and Loyalty Points, visit aa.com/loyaltypoints. For complete details about the AAdvantage® program, visit aa.com/aadvantage. For the AAdvantage® terms and conditions, visit aa.com/aadvantageterms.

Travel booked on American Airlines may be American Eagle® service, operated by Envoy Air Inc., Republic Airways Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., or Piedmont Airlines, Inc.

American Airlines®, American Eagle®, AAdvantage®, AAdvantage Business™, AAdvantage Hotels™, AAdvantage Million Miler™, ConciergeKey®, AAdvantage Executive Platinum®, AAdvantage Platinum Pro®, AAdvantage Platinum®, AAdvantage Gold®, American Airlines Vacations℠, AAdvantage Events, AAdvantage MileUp®, Globe™, Flight Streak™, Flagship®, Admirals Club®, AA.com®, the Flight Symbol logo and the Tail Design are marks of American Airlines, Inc.

oneworld® is a mark of the oneworld Alliance, LLC.

Mastercard, World Elite and the circles design are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.
The Contactless Indicator mark, consisting of four graduating arcs, is a trademark owned by and used with permission of EMVCo, LLC.

Citi® Flex Pay Terms & Conditions
Your Citi Flex Pay monthly payment will be added to the Minimum Payment Due each billing cycle until paid in full.
To use Citi Flex Pay on an eligible purchase, your account must be current, under the credit limit, and have the applicable Citi Flex Pay terms. Other factors may apply.


Close

Feedback