Skip to Content
CITI DISCLOSURES
Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases
19.49% to 29.49%, based on your creditworthiness.
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
APR for Balance Transfers
19.49% to 29.49%, based on your creditworthiness, for transfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
APR for Cash Advances
29.74%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.b
APR for Citi Flex Plans
19.49% to 29.49%, based on your creditworthiness.
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
Penalty APR and When it Applies
Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.c
This APR may be applied to your account if you:
(1) Make a late payment or
(2) Make a payment that is returned.
How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.
How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases
Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your monthly Citi Flex Plan Payment Amount plus your entire balance, excluding any Citi Flex Plan balances, by the due date each month. If you do not pay your monthly Citi Flex Plan Payment plus your entire balance, excluding any Citi Flex Plan balances, by the due date each month, you will pay interest on your purchases from the date they're posted to your account. We will begin charging interest on cash advances, balance transfers, and Citi Flex Loans on the transaction date. We will begin charging interest on a Citi Flex Pay balance subject to an APR at the start of the billing cycle following the billing cycle during which you created the Citi Flex Pay.
Minimum Interest Charge
If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50.
Plan Fee (Fixed Finance Charge)
A monthly fee of up to 1.72% of each Transaction moved to a Citi Flex Plan subject to such fee based on the Citi Flex Plan duration, the APR that would otherwise apply to the Transaction, and other factors.
For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Fees
Annual Fee
$99. However, the annual fee is waived for the first 12 months.
Transaction Fees
Balance Transfer
Either $5 or 5% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
Cash Advance
Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Foreign Purchase Transaction
None
Penalty Fees
Late Payment
Up to $41
Returned Payment
Up to $41
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including current transactions)."
For more information call Citibank, N.A. at 1-877-625-6382 (TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service). New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods.
Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, including transferred balances. Generally, any amount paid over the Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest APR balances first.
Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 6.75% Prime Rate.
a We add 12.74% to 22.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer/Citi Flex Plan APR.
b We add 22.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR.
c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR.

Variable APRs are calculated based on the Prime Rate plus the additional amount shown above. However, these APRs will not exceed 29.99%. This means if a calculated APR exceeds 29.99%, then that APR will be 29.99%. If the calculated APR is equal to or below 29.99%, then that APR will be that calculated amount.
Note: Balance Transfers and Flex Plans are made available at our discretion.
Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Elite Mastercard Terms & Conditions
This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. If you're married, you may apply for a separate account. The Card offer referenced in this communication is only available to individuals who reside in the United States and its territories, excluding Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands. Your eligibility for a particular product and service is subject to a final determination by Citibank. This communication is not and should not be construed as, an offer to individuals outside of the United States. Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account application.

You understand and agree that by submitting this application you are furnishing all information in this application to Citi and that this information may be used in accordance with Citi’s Privacy Notice, available below. You also agree that the information you are providing herein must be verifiable and accurate. By submitting this application, you request that Citi establish a [ Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Elite Mastercard ] account (the "Card Account") to you and any Authorized Users you have designated. The Card Account will be governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issued.

You understand and agree that we may use information received from American Airlines for the purpose of supporting your application for credit. Such information is collected and shared with Citi in accordance with American Airlines’ Privacy Policy at https://www.aa.com/privacy.

By submitting this application you understand and agree that you are also furnishing your personal information to American Airlines for purposes of enrolling or verifying your enrollment in the AAdvantage®program. American Airlines may use your personal information in accordance with its Privacy Policy, available at https://www.aa.com/privacy. If you are not an AAdvantage®member or did not provide an AAdvantage®account number in your application, you consent to enrollment in the AAdvantage®program, which is governed by the AAdvantage®terms and conditions available at https://www.aa.com/.

Identity Verification
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification information about you or any Authorized User you add to your account.

Authorization for the Social Security Administration to Disclose Your Social Security Number Verification - You authorize the Social Security Administration (SSA) to verify and disclose to Citibank, N.A. through Early Warning Services, LLC for the purpose of this transaction whether the name, Social Security Number (SSN) and date of birth you have submitted matches information in SSA records. Your consent is for a one-time validation within the next 90 days.

ABOUT USING YOUR MOBILE PHONE TO APPLY FOR AN ACCOUNT ONLINE
You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Citi or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.

Separately, Citibank may obtain information about your mobile phone activity from third parties and may use this information for its other everyday business purposes. For more information, see our U.S. Privacy Notice for Consumers.

Communications
You agree that we and our service providers may contact you at any phone number provided, email address, or mailing address. This includes communications to mobile or similar device. We may contact you by live person, auto dialer, recorded or artificial voice, text, or email for servicing, marketing information, or with our decision on your credit card application.

Credit Reports
You authorize us to get credit reports and other information about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, including information about your credit or deposit accounts with other financial institutions. This information may be used for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Account, credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Card Account, offering other products and services and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether we requested a credit bureau report and the names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report negative information about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting agencies.

Credit Information
To receive a Card Account, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness and any other of our eligibility criteria, which we determine in our sole discretion.

Your credit limit will be determined based on the following:

Your annual salary and wages
Any other annual income
A review of your debt, including the debt listed on your credit report
We'll inform you of your credit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $1500. Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your credit limit.

Card Agreement
If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account. The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account, the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement. We have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement and applicable law.

Information Sharing
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING PRIVACY: You understand and agree that by submitting this application you are furnishing all information in this application to Citi and that Citi may use any information collected from you regarding you personally and your business in accordance with Citi's Privacy Policy located online at www.citi.com/privacy. You also agree that the information you are providing herein must be verifiable and accurate. By submitting this application, you request that Citi establish a Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Elite Mastercard account (the "Card Account") to you and any Authorized Users you have designated. The Card Account will be governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issued.

By submitting this application you understand and agree that you are also furnishing your personal information to American Airlines for purposes of enrolling or verifying your enrollment in the AAdvantage® program and agree that we may share transaction and experience information regarding your activity with Citi with them. American Airlines may use this information in accordance with its Privacy Policy, available at https://www.aa.com/privacy. If you are not an AAdvantage® member or did not provide an AAdvantage® account number in your application, you consent to enrollment in the AAdvantage® program, which is governed by the AAdvantage® terms and conditions available at https://www.aa.com/. You must maintain an open AAdvantage® account to maintain your Card Account.

Special Notices
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.

Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before your account is opened.

Important Information About Adding An Authorized User
Before adding an Authorized User to your Card Account, you should know:

You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the Authorized User.
AAdvantage® miles earned on an Authorized User's credit card will be allocated to the AAdvantage® account of the primary credit cardholder and not the Authorized User.
Authorized Users have access to your Card Account information.
Authorized Users do not receive the first checked bag free or boarding benefits.
Before adding an Authorized User, you must let him/her know that we may report Card Account performance to the credit reporting agencies in the Authorized User’s name.
If we ask for information about the Authorized User, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law.

Balance Transfer Information
How to Make Balance Transfers

After receiving your card, you can call the customer service number on the back of your card (For TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service) to transfer balances. Balance transfers are made available at our discretion.
If we give you the option to transfer a balance with your application, it will take at least 14 days after your Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer payments. During this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling the number on the back of your card (For TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service).
The total amount of your balance transfer plus balance transfer fees must be less than your available credit limit or any other limit we communicate. Be sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount because you may lose your dispute rights. You cannot transfer balances from other accounts issued by Citibank, N.A. or its affiliates. If you are unsure of the issuer on the account, please visit citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliates.
Continue to make any required minimum payments to your creditor(s) until you have confirmed this Balance Transfer has been completed. The available credit limit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, including fees we approve.
Things You Should Know About Your Balance Transfer Offer:

If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest will be charged on purchases made with your Card Account unless your purchases have a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amount of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing period. If your New Balance includes a Citi Flex Plan, interest will be charged on purchases unless you pay the Adjusted New Balance shown on your statement, plus any Citi Flex Plan Payment Amount, by the due date each month or those purchases have a 0% APR.

Additional Information - Citi® / AAdvantage®
Platinum Select® World Elite Mastercard®
When you register for digital access, you will be required to agree to receive monthly statements and some legal notices only electronically if you have not agreed previously. You can change your delivery preferences at any time after registration by managing the paperless settings for your account.

Offer Availability
American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles are not available if you have received a new account bonus for a Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® account in the past 48 months or if you converted another Citi credit card account on which you earned a new account bonus in the last 48 months into a Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® account. The card offer referenced in this communication is only available to individuals who reside in the United States and its territories, excluding Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands.

AAdvantage® Bonus Miles
Balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your credit card account, items and services returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, traveler’s checks, purchases of foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) are not purchases. AAdvantage® bonus miles typically will appear as a bonus in your AAdvantage® account 8-10 weeks after you have met the purchase requirements. AAdvantage® miles may be earned on purchases made by primary credit cardmembers and Authorized Users. Purchases must post to your account during the promotional period. Many merchants will wait for a purchase to ship before they post the purchase to your account. AAdvantage® miles earned will be posted to the primary credit cardmember’s AAdvantage® account.

1 AAdvantage® Mile Per $1
AAdvantage® miles are earned on purchases, except balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your credit card account, items and services returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, traveler's checks, purchases of foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions). AAdvantage® miles may be earned on purchases made by primary credit cardmembers and Authorized Users. AAdvantage® miles earned will be posted to the primary credit cardmember's AAdvantage® account in 8-10 weeks.

2X AAdvantage® Miles on American Airlines Purchases
Earn 1 AAdvantage® base mile and 1 AAdvantage® bonus mile, for a total of 2 AAdvantage® miles on eligible American Airlines purchases. Eligible American Airlines purchases are items billed by American Airlines as the merchant of record. Products or services that do not qualify are car rentals and hotel reservations, purchase of AAdvantage® status boost or renewal, and AA CargoTM products and services. AAdvantage® miles earned will be posted to the primary credit cardmember’s AAdvantage® account in 8-10 weeks.

2X AAdvantage® Miles at Restaurants and Gas Stations
Earn 1 AAdvantage® base mile and 1 AAdvantage® bonus mile, for a total of 2 AAdvantage® miles for each $1 spent on purchases at restaurants (including cafes, bars, lounges, and fast food restaurants) and at gas stations. Food and beverage purchases made at the American Airlines Admirals Club® will awarded 2 AAdvantage® miles for each $1 spent as part of the Double AAdvantage® miles on American Airlines Purchases benefit.

Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases
Restaurant purchases not eligible to receive double AAdvantage® miles include, but are not limited to, supercenters, warehouse clubs, discount stores, restaurants / cafes inside department stores, bowling alleys, public and private golf courses, country clubs, convenience stores, movie theaters, caterers, and meal kit delivery services. Gas station purchases not eligible to receive double AAdvantage® miles include, but are not limited to, purchases made at warehouse clubs that do not code gas station purchases under a gas station code, discount stores, department stores, and convenience stores.

Merchant Classification for Rewards Categories
Merchants are assigned a merchant category code (“MCC”), which is determined in accordance with Visa/Mastercard/American Express procedures based on the kinds of products and services the merchants primarily sell. Citi does not control the assignment of these codes and are not responsible for the codes used by merchants. When you use your card to make a purchase, Citi is provided an MCC for that purchase. Citi groups similar merchant codes into categories for purposes of making rewards offers. Sometimes you may expect a purchase to fit within a rewards category, but if the code assigned to the merchant wasn't grouped into that category as recognized by Citi, your purchase will not qualify for additional AAdvantage® miles. [For example, you won't earn additional AAdvantage® miles for purchases at a restaurant located within a retailer if the restaurant is assigned a “retailer” code instead of a “restaurant” code.] Please also note – purchases made through mobile/wireless technology may not earn additional AAdvantage® miles depending on how the technology is set up to process the purchase.

Citi reserves the right to determine which purchases qualify for this offer. AAdvantage® miles may be earned on purchases made by primary credit cardmembers and Authorized User. Balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your credit card account, items and services returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, traveler's checks, purchases of foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) do not earn AAdvantage® miles. AAdvantage® miles earned will be posted to the primary credit cardmember's AAdvantage® account in 8-10 weeks.

1 Loyalty Point Per Eligible AAdvantage® Mile
1 Loyalty Point accrues for every eligible AAdvantage® mile earned on purchases, excluding balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your credit card account, items and services returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, traveler's checks, purchases of foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions). Eligible AAdvantage® miles include the AAdvantage® base miles earned on purchases, and do not include any AAdvantage® bonus miles or accelerators. Loyalty Points may be earned on AAdvantage® miles on purchases made by primary credit cardmembers and Authorized Users. Loyalty Points earned will be posted to the primary credit cardmember's AAdvantage® account in 8-10 weeks.

Preferred Boarding
For the benefit to apply, the Citi® / AAdvantage® account must be open, and the reservation must include the primary credit cardmember's American Airlines AAdvantage® number.

If you apply by phone and do not provide an email address, or apply via paper application, to access this benefit, your account must have been opened 7 days prior to air travel. For new accounts, the reservation must include the primary credit cardmember's American Airlines AAdvantage® number 7 days prior to air travel.

If your credit card account is closed for any reason, this benefit will be cancelled. This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Up to four (4) companions traveling with and listed in the same reservation as the Citi® / AAdvantage® primary credit cardmember are eligible to board at the same time as the primary credit cardmember. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.

Eligible credit cardmembers will board after Priority boarding is complete, but before the rest of economy boarding. The boarding benefit will display on your American Airlines boarding pass as Group 5. This benefit applies on flights marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated as American Eagle® flights by Envoy Air Inc., Republic Airways Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., or Piedmont Airlines, Inc.

First Checked Bag Free
For the benefit to apply, the Citi® / AAdvantage® account must be open, and the reservation must include the primary credit cardmember's American Airlines AAdvantage® number.

If you apply by phone and do not provide an email address, or apply via paper application, to access this benefit, your account must have been opened 7 days prior to air travel. For new accounts, the reservation must include the primary credit cardmember's American Airlines AAdvantage® number 7 days prior to air travel.

If your credit card account is closed for any reason, these benefits will be cancelled. Eligible Citi® / AAdvantage® primary credit cardmembers may check one bag free of charge when traveling on domestic itineraries marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on itineraries marketed by American Airlines and operated as American Eagle® flights by Envoy Air Inc., Republic Airways Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., or Piedmont Airlines, Inc. All flights on the itinerary must be domestic flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by American Airlines or American Eagle. This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. For Citi® / AAdvantage® credit card, up to four (4) companions traveling with the eligible primary credit cardmember will also get their first checked bag free of charge if they are listed in the same reservation. Waiver does not apply to overweight or oversized bags. Golf Bags are accepted as standard checked baggage. Standard checked baggage weight conditions apply and must be within weight limit of 50lbs. Oversize fees do not apply. Terms and conditions apply. This benefit cannot be combined with any existing AAdvantage® program benefits, or with First or Business class benefits, including any waiver of baggage charges. Please see aa.com/baggage » for baggage weight and size restrictions. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.

25% Savings on Eligible Inflight Purchases
Citi® / AAdvantage® credit cardmembers will receive a 25% savings on inflight purchases of food and beverages on flights operated by American Airlines when purchased with their Citi® / AAdvantage® card. Savings do not apply to any other inflight purchases, such as wireless internet access. This benefit applies to domestic flights marketed and operated by American Airlines or on domestic flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by Envoy Air Inc., Republic Airways Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., or Piedmont Airlines, Inc. This benefit is not available on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Offer is available on eligible flights as long as supplies last. Savings will appear as a statement credit 8-10 weeks after the transaction is posted to the credit cardmember's card account. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.

$125 American Airlines Flight Discount
Earn a $125 American Airlines Flight Discount certificate (the “Flight Discount”) after you spend $20,000 or more in purchases that post to your Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Elite Mastercard® credit card billing statement during your credit cardmembership year (every 12 months from the billing cycle after your anniversary month through the billing cycle of your next anniversary month). With the exception of special account status or circumstances (e.g., Military relief programs), the anniversary month will coincide with the month in which the annual fee is billed. To receive the Flight Discount, your account must be open for one full billing cycle after your anniversary month. For your first year of credit cardmembership, purchases qualify as of the date of your account opening. The Flight Discount expires one year from date of issue of the certificate. The Flight Discount is redeemable toward the initial ticket purchase of air travel on flights marketed or operated by American Airlines or American Airlines codeshare flights for itineraries originating in the U.S., Puerto Rico, or U.S. Virgin Islands. The Flight Discount is redeemable online at aa.com, or by calling American Airlines Reservations. A reservations services fee may apply for travel booked through American Airlines Reservations. The Flight Discount is redeemable only toward the purchase of the base airfare and directly associated taxes, fees and charges that are collected as part of the fare calculation for travel. The Flight Discount cannot be used to pay the taxes and charges on mileage redemption tickets where only taxes and fees are being collected. The Flight Discount is redeemable for ancillary products only marketed or sold by American Airlines. If the ticket price is greater than the value of the Flight Discount, the difference must be paid only with a credit, debit or charge card. Any unused balance can be applied towards eligible future travel until the stated expiration date. If travel booked with the Flight Discount is cancelled or changed by the credit cardmember, the Flight Discount will be forfeited and the credit cardmember will be responsible for any applicable fare difference and the applicable change fee. The Flight Discount will not be replaced for any reason. The Flight Discount is non-refundable, may not be sold and has no cash redemption value. After qualification, please allow 8 – 12 weeks for delivery of the Flight Discount.

Citi® Flex Pay Terms & Conditions
Your Citi Flex Pay monthly payment will be added to the Minimum Payment Due each billing cycle until paid in full. To use Citi Flex Pay on an eligible purchase, your account must be current, under the credit limit, and have the applicable Citi Flex Pay terms.
Other factors may apply.

No Mileage Cap
There is no maximum number of American Airlines AAdvantage® miles that you can accumulate through your Citi® / AAdvantage® credit card account.

If Citi sees evidence of fraud, misuse, abuse, or suspicious activity, as determined by Citi in its sole discretion, Citi reserves the right to take action against you and your credit card account. This may include, without limitation and without prior notice, declining your credit card account application, stopping you from earning American Airlines AAdvantage® miles for purchases made with your card, suspending or closing your Citi® / AAdvantage® card account, and advising American Airlines of such activity. Citi may also take legal action against you to recover monetary losses, including litigation costs and damages. Examples of activities that may trigger such actions include, but are not limited to, the following: (1) application for a card account in an attempt to take advantage of a bonus offer that was not intended for you or for which you are not eligible per the terms of the offer; (2) repeated cancellation or conversion of your Citi card accounts within one year after account opening or conversion; (3) returns of purchases you made to satisfy all or a substantial portion of the purchase requirements for a bonus offer or excessive returns of purchases for which you have earned AAdvantage® miles or (4) using your account other than for personal, family, or household purposes.

Special Offer: Up to $180 Back on Turo
Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Elite Mastercard® cardmembers are eligible to receive up to $180 in statement credits from October 19, 2025 to October 18, 2026 (up to $30 in statement credits for each Turo trip completed, for a total of up to $180 in statement credits). There is no minimum purchase requirement to earn the statement credit. All Turo bookings worldwide charged directly on turo.com and the Turo mobile application are eligible for the statement credit. Please allow 1-2 billing cycles after the Turo trip is completed for the statement credit to be posted to the account. A Turo trip is complete once the booked vehicle has been returned on time to the designated return location on the booking reservation. Any charges made to the cardmember after a Turo trip is completed are not deemed part of the completed Turo trip and are ineligible transactions to receive statement credit.

Duplicate, fraudulent, canceled, refunded purchases and purchases made in violation of either Turo terms of service or Citi terms of use, as determined by Turo or Citi, as applicable, are not eligible for this offer.

Benefits pursuant to this offer are limited to Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® cardmembers. To qualify, the cardmember must link their Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® card to their Turo account on Turo.com/AAdvantagePlatinum (a “Linked Account”) and book their trip using their Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® card. Only one Turo account can be connected to each Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® card. Trips paid for using Virtual Account Numbers, Virtual Card Numbers, or Digital Wallets including, but not limited to, Apple Pay, Android Pay, etc., are not Eligible Trips and will not count towards receiving the statement credit. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice. To be eligible for this benefit, your Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® card must be open and in good standing at the time of the booking.

The Card Account is only available if you have an open AAdvantage® program membership in your name. Citi reserves the right to cancel your Card Account if you or American Airlines terminates or deactivates your AAdvantage® program membership.

American Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantage® program and its terms and conditions at any time with or without notice, and to end the AAdvantage® program with six months' notice. Any such changes may affect your ability to use AAdvantage® Rewards and Benefits that you have already accumulated. American Airlines is not responsible for products or services offered by other participating companies. All third-party provider terms and conditions apply. For more information on miles and Loyalty Points, visit aa.com/loyaltypoints. For complete details about the AAdvantage® program, visit aa.com/aadvantage. For the AAdvantage® terms and conditions, visit aa.com/aadvantageterms.

Travel booked on American Airlines may be American Eagle® service, operated by Envoy Air Inc., Republic Airways Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., or Piedmont Airlines, Inc.

American Airlines®, American Eagle®, AAdvantage®, AAdvantage Business™, AAdvantage Hotels™, AAdvantage Million Miler™, ConciergeKey®, AAdvantage Executive Platinum®, AAdvantage Platinum Pro®, AAdvantage Platinum®, AAdvantage Gold®, American Airlines Vacations℠, AAdvantage Events™, AAdvantage MileUp®, Globe™, Flight Streak™, Flagship®, Admirals Club®, AA.com®, the Flight Symbol logo and the Tail Design are marks of American Airlines, Inc.

Citibank is not responsible for products or services offered by other companies. Cardmember program terms are subject to change.

oneworld® is a mark of the oneworld Alliance, LLC.

Mastercard, World Elite and the circles design are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.

The Contactless Indicator mark, consisting of four graduating arcs, is a trademark owned by and used with permission of EMVCo, LLC.


Close

Feedback
  