Skip to Content
CITI DISCLOSURES
Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases
19.49% to 27.49%, based on your creditworthiness.
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
APR for Balance Transfers
19.49% to 27.49%, based on your creditworthiness, for transfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
APR for Cash Advances
29.74%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.b
APR for Citi Flex Plans
19.49% to 27.49%, based on your creditworthiness.
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
Penalty APR and When it Applies
Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.c
This APR may be applied to your account if you:
(1) Make a late payment or
(2) Make a payment that is returned.
How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.
How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases
Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your monthly Citi Flex Plan Payment Amount plus your entire balance, excluding any Citi Flex Plan balances, by the due date each month. If you do not pay your monthly Citi Flex Plan Payment plus your entire balance, excluding any Citi Flex Plan balances, by the due date each month, you will pay interest on your purchases from the date they're posted to your account. We will begin charging interest on cash advances, balance transfers, and Citi Flex Loans on the transaction date. We will begin charging interest on a Citi Flex Pay balance subject to an APR at the start of the billing cycle following the billing cycle during which you created the Citi Flex Pay.
Minimum Interest Charge
If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50.
Plan Fee (Fixed Finance Charge)
A monthly fee of up to 1.72% of each Transaction moved to a Citi Flex Plan subject to such fee based on the Citi Flex Plan duration, the APR that would otherwise apply to the Transaction, and other factors.
For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Fees
Annual Fee
None
Transaction Fees
Balance Transfer
Either $5 or 5% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
Cash Advance
Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Foreign Purchase Transaction
None
Penalty Fees
Late Payment
Up to $41
Returned Payment
Up to $41
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including current transactions)."
For more information call Citibank, N.A. at 1-877-625-6382 (TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service). New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods.
Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, including transferred balances. Generally, any amount paid over the Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest APR balances first.
Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 6.75% Prime Rate.
a We add 12.74% to 20.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer/Citi Flex Plan APR.
b We add 22.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR.
c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR.

Variable APRs are calculated based on the Prime Rate plus the additional amount shown above. However, these APRs will not exceed 29.99%. This means if a calculated APR exceeds 29.99%, then that APR will be 29.99%. If the calculated APR is equal to or below 29.99%, then that APR will be that calculated amount.
Note: Balance Transfers and Flex Plans are made available at our discretion.
AT&T Points Plus® Card from Citi Terms & Conditions
This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age (21 years of age in Puerto Rico). If you're married, you may apply for a separate account. The Card offer referenced in this communication is only available to individuals who reside in the United States and its territories. Your eligibility for a particular product and service is subject to a final determination by Citibank. This communication is not, and should not be construed as, an offer to individuals outside of the United States. Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, (“Citi,” “we” or “us”) is the issuer of the account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account application.

By submitting this application, you request that Citi establish a AT&T Points Plus® Card from Citi account (the “Card Account”) for you and any authorized users you designate. You agree that all information provided in this application must be verifiable and accurate. The Card Account is governed by the terms of the card agreement (“Card Agreement”) provided when the Card Account is issued.

Citi will only issue one AT&T Points Plus® Card from Citi account per person.
Identity Verification
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification information about you or any Authorized User you add to your account.

Authorization for the Social Security Administration to Disclose Your Social Security Number Verification - You authorize the Social Security Administration (SSA) to verify and disclose to Citibank, N.A. through Early Warning Services, LLC for the purpose of this transaction whether the name, Social Security Number (SSN) and date of birth you have submitted matches information in SSA records. Your consent is for a one-time validation within the next 90 days.

ABOUT USING YOUR MOBILE PHONE TO APPLY FOR AN ACCOUNT ONLINE
You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Citi or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.

Separately, Citibank may obtain information about your mobile phone activity from third parties and may use this information for its other everyday business purposes. For more information, see our U.S. Privacy Notice for Consumers.

Communications
You agree that we and our service providers may contact you at any phone number provided, email address, or mailing address. This includes communications to mobile or similar device. We may contact you by live person, auto dialer, recorded or artificial voice, text, or email for servicing, marketing information, or with our decision on your credit card application.

Credit Reports
You authorize us to get credit reports and other information about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, including information about your credit or deposit accounts with other financial institutions. This information may be used for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Account, credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Card Account, offering other products and services and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether we requested a credit bureau report and the names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report negative information about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting agencies.

Credit Information
To receive a Card Account, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness and any other of our eligibility criteria, which we determine in our sole discretion.

Your credit limit will be determined based on the following:

Your annual salary and wages
Any other annual income
A review of your debt, including the debt listed on your credit report
We'll inform you of your credit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $1500. Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your credit limit.

Card Agreement
If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account. The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account, the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement. We have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement and applicable law.

Special Notices
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.

Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before your account is opened.

Balance Transfer Information
How to Make Balance Transfers

After receiving your card, you can call the customer service number on the back of your card (For TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service) to transfer balances. Balance transfers are made available at our discretion.
If we give you the option to transfer a balance with your application, it will take at least 14 days after your Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer payments. During this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling the number on the back of your card (For TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service).
The total amount of your balance transfer plus balance transfer fees must be less than your available credit limit or any other limit we communicate. Be sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount because you may lose your dispute rights. You cannot transfer balances from other accounts issued by Citibank, N.A. or its affiliates. If you are unsure of the issuer on the account, please visit citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliates.
Continue to make any required minimum payments to your creditor(s) until you have confirmed this Balance Transfer has been completed. The available credit limit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, including fees we approve.
Things You Should Know About Your Balance Transfer Offer:

If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest will be charged on purchases made with your Card Account unless your purchases have a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amount of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing period. If your New Balance includes a Citi Flex Plan, interest will be charged on purchases unless you pay the Adjusted New Balance shown on your statement, plus any Citi Flex Plan Payment Amount, by the due date each month or those purchases have a 0% APR.

Important Information About Adding an Authorized User
Before adding an authorized user to your Card Account you should know:

Authorized users must be at least 18 years of age.
You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user.
Authorized users have access to your Card Account information.
Before adding an authorized user, you must let him/her know that we may report Card Account performance to the credit reporting agencies in the authorized user's name.
Points earned on an Authorized User’s credit card will be allocated to the ThankYou account of the primary credit cardholder and not to the Authorized User.
If we ask for information about the authorized user, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law.

Additional Information – AT&T Points Plus® Card from Citi
When you register for digital access, you will be required to agree to receive monthly statements and some legal notices only electronically if you have not agreed previously. You can change your delivery preferences at any time after registration by managing the paperless settings for your account.

Additional Information
Any benefit, reward, service or feature offered in connection with your Card Account may change or be discontinued at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn't responsible for products and services offered by other companies.

Bonus Offer: Balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your Card Account, items returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, travelers checks, foreign currency purchases, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) are not purchases. Purchases must post to your account during the promotional period. Many merchants will wait for a purchase to ship before they post the purchase to your account. Offer available to new AT&T Points Plus cardmembers approved through this offer. You will not qualify for the bonus offer if you received a bonus offer for opening a new AT&T Points Plus Card in the past 48 months.

Citi Statement Credit: You can earn a statement credit on your AT&T Points Plus Card from Citi every billing cycle with qualified spend. If you spend $1,000 or more on purchases in a billing cycle, you will receive a $20 statement credit. The spend amount is based on net new purchases (calculated as total purchases minus total returns and refunds), excluding balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your Card Account, items returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, travelers checks, foreign currency purchases, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, gaming chips (and similar betting transactions).

AT&T AutoPay and Paperless Bill Discount: $10 a month per wireless phone line and/or internet bill ($5 a month for AT&T Internet Air®) if enrolled in both paperless billing and AutoPay with a bank account or the AT&T Points Plus® Card from Citi. Discount reduced to $5 a month per wireless phone line and/or internet bill when enrolled in AutoPay with a debit card. No discount if enrolled in AutoPay with any other credit card ($5 a month for AT&T Internet Air if enrolled in AutoPay regardless of payment method). Wireless customers pay full plan cost until discount starts within 2 bills. Internet customers pay full plan cost until discount starts within 3 bills. Must maintain valid email address to continue discount. AT&T employees, retirees, and IMO consumers are not eligible for the AutoPay and paperless bill discount. Discount is provided solely by AT&T and is not a benefit of the AT&T Points Plus Card from Citi.

Citi® ThankYou® Rewards
Summary of ThankYou Rewards Terms and Conditions for the AT&T Points Plus Card
With the AT&T Points Plus Card from Citi, you can earn ThankYou Points for purchases made on your card.

Unless you are participating in a limited-time offer, you will earn:

3 ThankYou Points for every $1 spent at gas and electric vehicle (EV) charging stations.
Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases: Gas and EV charging station purchases at warehouse clubs, discount stores, convenience stores or other merchants that do not use the gas station or EV charging merchant category codes.
2 ThankYou Points for every $1 spent at grocery stores, including grocery delivery services, supermarkets, meat/seafood stores, dairy stores, bakeries and miscellaneous food/convenience stores.
Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases: Grocery purchases at general merchandise/discount superstores; wholesale/warehouse clubs; candy, nut and confectionery stores and other merchants that do not use grocery store merchant category codes.
2 ThankYou Points for every $1 spent on products and services purchased directly from AT&T, including payment of monthly phone or internet bills.
Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases: Products and services purchased at independent wireless dealers, non-AT&T- owned stores or AT&T resellers unless you are paying for an AT&T service, such as phone or internet.
1 ThankYou Point for every $1 spent on other purchases, including the non-qualifying purchases listed above.
Merchant Classification for Rewards Categories
Merchants are assigned a merchant category code ("MCC"), which is determined in accordance with Visa/Mastercard/American Express procedures based on the kinds of products and services the merchants primarily sell. We don't control the assignment of these codes and are not responsible for the codes used by merchants. When you use your card to make a purchase, we're provided an MCC for that purchase. We group similar merchant codes into categories for purposes of identifying your spend category. Sometimes you may expect a purchase to fit within a rewards category, but if the code assigned to the merchant wasn't grouped into that category, as recognized by Citi, your purchase amount will not be included in the spend for that billing cycle. For example, you won’t earn additional points for grocery purchases at a warehouse club if the merchant is not assigned a grocery store related code. Please also note – purchases made through mobile/wireless technology may not be included in the anticipated category depending on how the technology is set up to process the purchase. We reserve the exclusive right to determine in which category purchases are placed.

Only Purchases Earn Points
You’ll earn Points for purchases using your Card Account, minus returns and refunds. Balance transfers, cash advances, Citi Flex Loans, checks that access your Card Account, items returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, travelers checks, foreign currency purchases, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) do not earn ThankYou Points. When using Citi Flex Pay, you only earn ThankYou Points on the original purchase amount.

Open and Current Card Account
You may earn Points as long as your Card Account is open and current.

When You Will Receive Points
Points earned through a purchase with your Card Account will appear in your ThankYou Account at the end of the billing cycle in which you made the purchase. This means that Points earned on purchases made near the end of a billing cycle may take up to one additional billing cycle to appear in your ThankYou Account. (Bonus Points may take one to two additional billing cycles to post to your ThankYou Account).

Please see the Citi ThankYou Rewards Terms and Conditions at thankyou.com/terms, or call us at 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596) to request a complete copy of the Terms and Conditions. (TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service.) The Terms and Conditions include redemption information for the Citi ThankYou Rewards Program.

Changes to the ThankYou Rewards Program
ThankYou Rewards may be terminated with 30 days prior written notice. If ThankYou Rewards is terminated, you will have 90 days from the ThankYou Rewards termination date, or if required by law, date of notification of termination, to redeem all your accumulated ThankYou Points. The ThankYou Rewards Program may be changed at any time, and if required by law, we will provide notice. Rewards offered by ThankYou Rewards and the ThankYou Point levels required for specific rewards are subject to change without notice.

Fraud, Misuse, Abuse, or Suspicious Activity
If we see evidence of fraud, misuse, abuse, or suspicious activity, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to take action against you. This may include, without limitation and without prior notice, any or all of the following:

Taking away your accrued Points
Stopping you from earning Points
Suspending or closing your Card Account or ThankYou Account
Taking legal action to recover Rewards redeemed because of such activity and to recover our monetary losses, including litigation costs and damages
Some examples of fraud, misuse, abuse and suspicious activity include:
Buying or selling Points
Repeatedly opening Card Accounts for the primary purpose of acquiring Points
Using your Card Accounts in an abusive manner for the primary purpose of acquiring Points
Using your personal Card Account other than primarily for personal, consumer or household purposes
Points redemptions that you didn't authorize
Please contact the ThankYou Service Center at 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596) (TTY:711) immediately if you suspect your ThankYou Account is the target of fraud or suspicious activity.

Citi Entertainment® offers are available to Citi credit card members and Citibank Debit Mastercard customers. Some restrictions apply. See citientertainment.com for specific offer details and information. Citi is not responsible for products or services offered by other companies.

Citi® Flex Pay Terms and Conditions
Your Citi Flex Pay monthly payment will be added to the Minimum Payment Due each billing cycle until paid in full.

To use Citi Flex Pay on an eligible purchase, your account must be current, under the credit limit, and have the applicable Citi Flex Pay terms. Other factors may apply.

Mastercard
Mastercard and the circles design are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.

Citi
©2026 Citigroup Inc. All rights reserved. Citi, Citi and Arc Design and other marks used herein are service marks of Citigroup Inc. or its affiliates, used and registered throughout the world.

AT&T
AT&T, the AT&T logo and other AT&T marks are trademarks and service marks of AT&T Intellectual Property. The information contained herein is not an offer, commitment, representation, or warranty by AT&T and is subject to change.


Close

Feedback
 