Skip to Content
CITI DISCLOSURES
Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases
18.74% to 26.74%, based on your creditworthiness.
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
APR for Balance Transfers
18.74% to 26.74%, based on your creditworthiness, for transfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
APR for Cash Advances
28.74%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.b
APR for Citi Flex Plans
18.74% to 26.74%, based on your creditworthiness.
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
Penalty APR and When it Applies
Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.c
This APR may be applied to your account if you:
(1) Make a late payment or
(2) Make a payment that is returned.
How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.
How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases
Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your monthly Citi Flex Plan Payment Amount plus your entire balance, excluding any Citi Flex Plan balances, by the due date each month. If you do not pay your monthly Citi Flex Plan Payment plus your entire balance, excluding any Citi Flex Plan balances, by the due date each month, you will pay interest on your purchases from the date they're posted to your account. We will begin charging interest on cash advances, balance transfers, and Citi Flex Loans on the transaction date. We will begin charging interest on a Citi Flex Pay balance subject to an APR at the start of the billing cycle following the billing cycle during which you created the Citi Flex Pay.
Minimum Interest Charge
If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50.
Plan Fee (Fixed Finance Charge)
A monthly fee of up to 1.72% of each Transaction moved to a Citi Flex Plan subject to such fee based on the Citi Flex Plan duration, the APR that would otherwise apply to the Transaction, and other factors.
For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Fees
Annual Fee
No annual fee for this credit card with your paid Costco Membership.
Transaction Fees
Balance Transfer
Either $5 or 5% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
Cash Advance
Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Foreign Purchase Transaction
None
Penalty Fees
Late Payment
Up to $41
Returned Payment
Up to $41
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new transactions)."
For more information call Citibank, N.A. at 1-877-625-6382 (TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service). New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods.
Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, including transferred balances. Generally, any amount paid over the Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest APR balances first.
Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 6.75% Prime Rate.
a We add 11.99% to 19.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer/Citi Flex Plan APR.
b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR.
c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR.

Variable APRs are calculated based on the Prime Rate plus the additional amount shown above. However, these APRs will not exceed 29.99%. This means if a calculated APR exceeds 29.99%, then that APR will be 29.99%. If the calculated APR is equal to or below 29.99%, then that APR will be that calculated amount.
Note: Balance Transfers and Flex Plans are made available at our discretion.
Costco Anywhere Visa® Card by Citi Terms & Conditions
This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age (21 years of age in Puerto Rico). If you're married, you may apply for a separate account. The Card offer referenced in this communication is only available to individuals who reside in the United States and its territories. Your eligibility for a particular product and service is subject to a final determination by Citibank. This communication is not, and should not be construed as, an offer to individuals outside of the United States. Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, (“Citi,” “we” or “us”) is the issuer of the account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account application.

By submitting this application, you request that Citi establish a Costco Anywhere Visa® Card by Citi account (the “Card Account”) for you and any authorized users you designate. You agree that all information provided in this application must be verifiable and accurate. The Card Account is governed by the terms of the card agreement (“Card Agreement”) provided when the Card Account is issued.

Costco Membership
The Card Account is only available if you have a current Costco membership in your name. We may cancel your Card Account and participation in the Cash Back Rewards Program if you do not maintain your Costco membership. You must maintain your Costco membership to redeem cash back rewards earned with the Card Account, unless prohibited by law. Each Authorized User must also have a Costco membership in their name.

Auto Renewal of Costco Membership Fee
If you are not currently enrolled in auto renewal of your Costco Membership, you are the Primary Member on your membership, and your card is activated, your Costco membership fee will renew automatically and be charged to your Costco Anywhere Visa Card, annually, on the first day of your renewal month until you choose a different form of payment or cancel Auto Renewal from your Costco Membership. Membership fees will be charged based on your membership level (currently, $65 per year for Gold Star and Business Members, plus an additional $65 per year for Executive Members and $65 per year for each Affiliate Business Member, plus applicable taxes). Membership fees may change in the future. If you wish to cancel automatic renewal or pay your Costco membership fee with a different form of payment, you can visit the Costco Membership Counter, access your membership account on Costco.com, Chat with Costco Member Services, or call Costco at 1-800-774-2678, at least 72 hours prior to the first day of your renewal month.

Costco membership is subject to Member Privileges & Conditions.

Identity Verification
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification information about you or any Authorized User you add to your account.

Authorization for the Social Security Administration to Disclose Your Social Security Number Verification - You authorize the Social Security Administration (SSA) to verify and disclose to Citibank, N.A. through Early Warning Services, LLC for the purpose of this transaction whether the name, Social Security Number (SSN) and date of birth you have submitted matches information in SSA records. Your consent is for a one-time validation within the next 90 days.

About Using Your Mobile Phone to Apply for an Account Online
You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Citi or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.

Separately, Citibank may obtain information about your mobile phone activity from third parties and may use this information for its other everyday business purposes. For more information, see our U.S. Privacy Notice for Consumers.

Communications
You agree that we and our service providers may contact you at any phone number provided, email address, or mailing address. This includes communications to mobile or similar device. We may contact you by live person, auto dialer, recorded or artificial voice, text, or email for servicing, marketing information, or with our decision on your credit card application.

Credit Reports
You authorize us to get credit reports and other information about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, including information about your credit or deposit accounts with other financial institutions. This information may be used for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Account, credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Card Account, offering other products and services and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether we requested a credit bureau report and the names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report negative information about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting agencies.

Credit Information
To receive a Card Account, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness and any other of our eligibility criteria, which we determine in our sole discretion.

Your credit limit will be determined based on the following:

Your annual salary and wages
Any other annual income
A review of your debt, including the debt listed on your credit report
We'll inform you of your credit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $800. Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your credit limit.

Card Agreement
If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account. The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account, the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement. We have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement and applicable law.

Information Sharing
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING PRIVACY: You understand and agree that by submitting this application you are furnishing all information in this application to Citi and that Citi may use any information collected from you regarding you personally in accordance with Citi's Privacy Policy located online at www.citi.com/privacy. By applying for the Card Account, you agree to allow Costco to send membership information and spending information, such as your annual spending at Costco and various Costco transaction amounts over the past 12 months, to Citi. By completing this application, you also authorize Citi to share with Costco the information you provided to us on the application as well as experiential and transactional information regarding your activity with Citi.

Special Notices
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.

Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before your account is opened.

Important Information About Adding An Authorized User
Before adding an Authorized User to your Card Account you should know:

You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the Authorized User.
Authorized Users have access to your Card Account information.
Before adding an Authorized User, you must let him/her know that we may report Card Account performance to the credit reporting agencies in the Authorized User's name.
If we ask for information about the Authorized User, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law.

Balance Transfer Information
How to Make Balance Transfers

After receiving your card, you can call the customer service number on the back of your card (For TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service) to transfer balances. Balance transfers are made available at our discretion.
If we give you the option to transfer a balance with your application, it will take at least 14 days after your Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer payments. During this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling the number on the back of your card (For TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service).
The total amount of your balance transfer plus balance transfer fees must be less than your available credit limit or any other limit we communicate. Be sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount because you may lose your dispute rights. You cannot transfer balances from other accounts issued by Citibank, N.A. or its affiliates. If you are unsure of the issuer on the account, please visit citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliates.
Continue to make any required minimum payments to your creditor(s) until you have confirmed this Balance Transfer has been completed. The available credit limit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, including fees we approve.
Things You Should Know About Your Balance Transfer Offer:

If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest will be charged on purchases made with your Card Account unless your purchases have a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amount of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing period. If your New Balance includes a Citi Flex Plan, interest will be charged on purchases unless you pay the Adjusted New Balance shown on your statement, plus any Citi Flex Plan Payment Amount, by the due date each month or those purchases have a 0% APR.

Additional Information - Costco Anywhere Visa® Card by Citi Terms & Conditions
Any benefit, reward, service or feature offered in connection with your Card Account may change or be discontinued at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn’t responsible for products and services offered by other companies.

Digital Access
When you register for digital access, you will be required to agree to receive monthly statements and some legal notices only electronically if you have not agreed previously. You can change your delivery preferences at any time after registration by managing the paperless settings for your account.

Cash Back Rewards Program Terms
Your Card Account will earn cash back rewards based on your purchases that can be redeemed annually for merchandise or cash back at any U.S. Costco warehouse, including Puerto Rico.

Earning Cash Back Rewards on Purchases:
Unless you are participating in a limited-time offer you'll earn cash back rewards for purchases using your Card Account, minus returns and refunds, as follows:

5% cash back on gas purchased at Costco warehouse locations worldwide and 4% cash back on other eligible gas and eligible electric vehicle (EV) charging purchases worldwide for the first $7,000 per year in combined Costco and other eligible gas and/or EV charging purchases, and then 1% thereafter.
Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases. You will only earn 1% cash back, not 5% or 4%, for gas or EV charging purchased at some superstores, supermarkets and warehouse clubs other than Costco or for fuel used for non-automobile purposes. For a list of merchants excluded from earning 4% for gas or EV charging purchases, visit citi.com/Costco_Exclusions.
3% cash back on restaurant (including cafes, bars, lounges and fast food restaurants) and eligible travel purchases worldwide, including airfare, hotels, car rentals, travel agencies, cruise lines and Costco Travel.
Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases. You will only earn 1%, not 3%, for purchases made at bakeries and certain restaurants/cafes inside department stores, grocery or warehouse clubs. Additionally, you will only earn 1%, not 3%, for purchases made at timeshares, campgrounds, bed & breakfasts and on train and commuter travel.
2% cash back on all other purchases from Costco and Costco.com.
1% cash back on all other purchases, including the non-qualifying purchases listed above.
Only Purchases Earn Cash Back Rewards:
You’ll earn cash back rewards for purchases using your Card Account, minus returns and refunds. Balance transfers, Citi Flex Loans, cash advances, checks that access your Card Account, items returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, travelers checks, foreign currency purchases, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) do not earn cash back rewards. When using Citi Flex Pay, you only earn cash back rewards on the original purchase.

Merchant Classification for Rewards Categories:
Merchants are assigned a merchant category code ("MCC"), which is determined in accordance with Visa procedures based on the kinds of products and services the merchants primarily sell. We don’t control the assignment of these codes and are not responsible for the codes used by merchants. When you use your card to make a purchase, we’re provided an MCC for that purchase. We group similar merchant codes into categories for purposes of making rewards offers. Sometimes you may expect a purchase to fit within a rewards category, but if the code assigned to the merchant wasn’t grouped into that category, as recognized by Citi, your purchase will not qualify for additional cash back rewards. For example, you won’t earn additional rewards for purchases at a restaurant located within a retailer if the restaurant is assigned a "retailer" code instead of a "restaurant" code and you won’t earn additional rewards for purchases at a gas station if it is assigned a "convenience store" code instead of a "service station" or "automated fuel dispensers" code. Please also note – purchases made through mobile/wireless technology may not earn additional cash back rewards depending on how the technology is set up to process the purchase. We reserve the exclusive right to determine which purchases qualify for additional cash back rewards.

Returns:
Returned items may result in credits being applied to your Card Account which will reduce or may eliminate accumulated cash back rewards and may result in a negative cash back rewards balance. If your Card Account has a negative cash back rewards balance, any newly earned cash back rewards will be used to offset such negative cash back rewards balance until such balance has been brought to zero.

Receiving & Redeeming Cash Back Rewards:
Your reward is distributed annually once your February billing statement closes. Your reward is distributed in the form of a credit card reward certificate, unless your annual reward amount is greater than $10,000, in which case Citi and Costco reserve the right to distribute your reward in an alternative form (e.g., a check or electronic transfer), at Citi’s and/or Costco’s discretion. Credit card reward certificates are redeemable through December 31 of the year issued in a single transaction at any U.S. Costco warehouse, including in Puerto Rico, for merchandise or cash back. An alternative form for redemption other than within the warehouse may be provided at Citi and/ or Costco’s discretion. The credit card reward certificate, or alternative-form distribution, will contain your cash back rewards balance based on your eligible purchases during the annual reward period. The annual reward period is based on January through December billing statements. Should you choose to redeem only a portion of the certificate for merchandise, you will receive the remaining balance in cash or an alternative form (e.g. check or electronic transfer), at the Costco warehouse’s discretion. Requests to redeem the credit card reward certificate for cash may be fulfilled in an alternative form (e.g., a check or electronic transfer), at the Costco warehouse’s discretion. Your credit card reward certificate must be redeemed in person on or prior to its expiration date of December 31 in the year in which it is issued, unless an alternative form for redemption is provided (at Citi and/or Costco’s discretion). Any cash back rewards you earned on purchases made by Authorized Users on your Card Account will be added to your cash back rewards total. Only you, the primary cardholder, are eligible to receive the annual credit card reward certificate; however, you or anyone you authorize may redeem the certificate as long as you or the authorized individual has a valid Costco membership. You will not receive a credit card reward certificate if your reward is less than $1 or your account is closed at the time your credit card reward certificate is scheduled to be sent. Any cash back rewards that had been accrued at that time will be forfeited, unless prohibited by law or otherwise indicated below. You must maintain your Costco Membership to redeem your credit card reward certificate, unless prohibited by law.

Account Closure:
If we are notified of your death, earned cash back rewards will be distributed via check to the executor or administrator of your estate.

If we close your Card Account for any other reason, you will no longer be able to earn cash back rewards, and you will forfeit any cash back rewards accumulated, but not yet distributed, unless prohibited by law. If you close or convert your Card Account prior to receiving the credit card reward certificate in your February billing statement, any earned cash back rewards will be forfeited, unless prohibited by law.

Forfeiture:
Any cash back rewards not redeemed by December 31 of the year of issuance of the credit card reward certificate will be forfeited.

Value of Cash Back Rewards:
Cash back rewards have no cash value until such time as they are redeemed.

Property Rights:
You have no property rights or other legal interests in cash back rewards. Cash back rewards may not be transferred to any other person including through such events as inheritance, bankruptcy or divorce. Cash back rewards cannot be assigned or pledged.

Changes to Program Rules:
We may make changes to the cash back rewards program at any time, and if required by law, will provide notice. We will give you advanced written notice if we make any of the following changes: a change that negatively affects the amount of cash back rewards you can earn, a change that negatively affects how/when you may lose your cash back rewards, a change that negatively affects how you can exercise your rights with respect to cash back rewards, or if we cancel the program.

Citi Flex Pay Terms and Conditions
Your Citi Flex Pay monthly payment will be added to the Minimum Payment Due each billing cycle until paid in full. To use Citi Flex Pay on an eligible purchase, your account must be current, under the credit limit, and have the applicable Citi Flex Pay terms. Other factors may apply.

Fraud, Misuse, Abuse or Suspicious Activity:
If we see evidence of fraud, misuse, abuse, or suspicious activity, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to take action against you and your account. This may include, without limitation and without prior notice, any or all of the following:

Taking away your accrued cash back rewards you earned because of fraud, misuse or abuse.
Preventing you from earning cash back rewards.
Suspending or closing your Card Account or cash back rewards account.
Taking legal action to recover cash back rewards redeemed because of such activity and to recover our monetary losses, including litigation costs, and damages.
Examples of activities that may trigger such actions include, but are not limited to, the following:

Using your Card Account in an abusive manner for the primary purpose of acquiring cash back rewards.
Using your Card Account other than primarily for personal, consumer or household purposes.
© 2026 Citibank, N.A. Citi, Citi and Arc Design, and other marks used herein are service marks of Citigroup Inc. or its affiliates, used and registered throughout the world.

The Contactless Indicator mark, consisting of four graduating arcs, is a trademark owned by and used with permission of EMVCo, LLC.

Visa® is a registered trademark of Visa International Service Association.


Close

Feedback