Skip to Content
CITI DISCLOSURES
Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases
20.49% to 28.49%, based on your creditworthiness.
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
APR for Balance Transfers
20.49% to 28.49%, based on your creditworthiness, for transfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
APR for Cash Advances
29.74%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.b
APR for Citi Flex Plans
20.49% to 28.49%, based on your creditworthiness.
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
Penalty APR and When it Applies
Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.c
This APR may be applied to your account if you:
(1) Make a late payment or
(2) Make a payment that is returned.
How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.
How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases
Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your monthly Citi Flex Plan Payment Amount plus your entire balance, excluding any Citi Flex Plan balances, by the due date each month. If you do not pay your monthly Citi Flex Plan Payment plus your entire balance, excluding any Citi Flex Plan balances, by the due date each month, you will pay interest on your purchases from the date they're posted to your account. We will begin charging interest on cash advances, balance transfers, and Citi Flex Loans on the transaction date. We will begin charging interest on a Citi Flex Pay balance subject to an APR at the start of the billing cycle following the billing cycle during which you created the Citi Flex Pay.
Minimum Interest Charge
If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50.
Plan Fee (Fixed Finance Charge)
A monthly fee of up to 1.72% of each Transaction moved to a Citi Flex Plan subject to such fee based on the Citi Flex Plan duration, the APR that would otherwise apply to the Transaction, and other factors.
For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Fees
Annual Fee
$595
$75 for each Authorized User.
Transaction Fees
Balance Transfer
Either $5 or 5% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
Cash Advance
Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Foreign Purchase Transaction
None
Penalty Fees
Late Payment
Up to $41
Returned Payment
Up to $41
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including current transactions)."
For more information call Citibank, N.A. at 1-877-625-6382 (TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service). New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods.
Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, including transferred balances. Generally, any amount paid over the Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest APR balances first.
Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 6.75% Prime Rate.
a We add 13.74% to 21.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer/Citi Flex Plan APR.
b We add 22.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR.
c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR.

Variable APRs are calculated based on the Prime Rate plus the additional amount shown above. However, these APRs will not exceed 29.99%. This means if a calculated APR exceeds 29.99%, then that APR will be 29.99%. If the calculated APR is equal to or below 29.99%, then that APR will be that calculated amount.
Note: Balance Transfers and Flex Plans are made available at our discretion.
Citi Strata EliteSM Card Terms & Conditions
This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age (21 years of age in Puerto Rico). If you're married, you may apply for a separate account. The Card offer referenced in this communication is only available to individuals who reside in the United States and its territories. Your eligibility for a particular product and service is subject to a final determination by Citibank. This communication is not, and should not be construed as, an offer to individuals outside of the United States. Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of the account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account application.

By submitting this application, you request that Citi establish a Citi Strata EliteSM Card account (the “Card Account”) for you and any authorized users you designate. You agree that all information provided in this application must be verifiable and accurate. The Card Account is governed by the terms of the card agreement (“Card Agreement”) provided when the Card Account is issued. By submitting this application, you understand and agree that you are also furnishing your personal information to American Airlines for purposes of enrolling or verifying your enrollment in the AAdvantage® program. American Airlines may use your personal information in accordance with its Privacy Policy, available at https://www.aa.com/privacy. If you are not an AAdvantage® member or did not provide an AAdvantage® account number in your application, you consent to enrollment in the AAdvantage® program, which is governed by the AAdvantage® terms and conditions available at https://www.aa.com/.

Identity Verification
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification information about you or any Authorized User you add to your account.

Authorization for the Social Security Administration to Disclose Your Social Security Number Verification - You authorize the Social Security Administration (SSA) to verify and disclose to Citibank, N.A. through Early Warning Services, LLC for the purpose of this transaction whether the name, Social Security Number (SSN) and date of birth you have submitted matches information in SSA records. Your consent is for a one-time validation within the next 90 days.

ABOUT USING YOUR MOBILE PHONE TO APPLY FOR AN ACCOUNT ONLINE
You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Citi or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.

Separately, Citibank may obtain information about your mobile phone activity from third parties and may use this information for its other everyday business purposes. For more information, see our U.S. Privacy Notice for Consumers.

Communications
You agree that we and our service providers may contact you at any phone number provided, email address, or mailing address. This includes communications to mobile or similar device. We may contact you by live person, auto dialer, recorded or artificial voice, text, or email for servicing, marketing information, or with our decision on your credit card application.

Credit Reports
You authorize us to get credit reports and other information about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, including information about your credit or deposit accounts with other financial institutions. This information may be used for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Account, credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Card Account, offering other products and services and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether we requested a credit bureau report and the names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report negative information about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting agencies.

Credit Information
To receive a Card Account, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness and any other of our eligibility criteria, which we determine in our sole discretion.

Your credit limit will be determined based on the following:

Your annual salary and wages
Any other annual income
A review of your debt, including the debt listed on your credit report
We'll inform you of your credit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $5000. Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your credit limit.

Card Agreement
If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account. The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account, the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement. We have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement and applicable law.

Information Sharing
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING PRIVACY: You understand and agree that by submitting this application you are furnishing all information in this application to Citi and that Citi may use any information collected from you regarding you personally and your business in accordance with Citi's Privacy Policy located online at www.citi.com/privacy.

By submitting this application, you understand and agree that you are also furnishing your personal information to American Airlines for purposes of enrolling or verifying your enrollment in the AAdvantage® program and you agree that we may share with American Airlines transaction and experience information regarding your account and your account activity with us. This includes purchase activity and information about your use of the Citi ThankYou® Rewards program. American Airlines may use this information in accordance with its Privacy Policy, available at https://www.aa.com/privacy. If you are not an AAdvantage® member or did not provide an AAdvantage® account number in your application, you consent to enrollment in the AAdvantage® program, which is governed by the AAdvantage® terms and conditions available at https://www.aa.com/. You must maintain an open AAdvantage® account to maintain and redeem your Admirals Club® Citi Strata EliteSM Passes, and any other American Airlines – related benefits you may receive through your Citi Strata EliteSM account.

Special Notices
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.

Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before your account is opened.

Important Information About Adding An Authorized User
Before adding an Authorized User to your Card Account you should know:

You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the Authorized User.
Authorized Users have access to your Card Account information.
Before adding an Authorized User, you must let him/her know that we may report Card Account performance to the credit reporting agencies in the Authorized User's name.
If we ask for information about the Authorized User, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law.

Balance Transfer Information
How to Make Balance Transfers

After receiving your card, you can call the customer service number on the back of your card (For TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service) to transfer balances. Balance transfers are made available at our discretion.
If we give you the option to transfer a balance with your application, it will take at least 14 days after your Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer payments. During this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling the number on the back of your card (For TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service).
The total amount of your balance transfer plus balance transfer fees must be less than your available credit limit or any other limit we communicate. Be sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount because you may lose your dispute rights. You cannot transfer balances from other accounts issued by Citibank, N.A. or its affiliates. If you are unsure of the issuer on the account, please visit citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliates.
Continue to make any required minimum payments to your creditor(s) until you have confirmed this Balance Transfer has been completed. The available credit limit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, including fees we approve.
Things You Should Know About Your Balance Transfer Offer:

If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest will be charged on purchases made with your Card Account unless your purchases have a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amount of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing period. If your New Balance includes a Citi Flex Plan, interest will be charged on purchases unless you pay the Adjusted New Balance shown on your statement, plus any Citi Flex Plan Payment Amount, by the due date each month or those purchases have a 0% APR.

Additional Information for the Strata Elite℠ Card
When you register for digital access, you will be required to agree to receive monthly statements and some legal notices only electronically if you have not agreed previously. You can change your delivery preferences at any time after registration by managing the paperless settings for your account.

Bonus Points Offer
Bonus ThankYou® Points are not available if you have received a new account bonus for a Citi Strata Elite℠ account in the past 48 months or if you converted another Citi credit card account on which you earned a new account bonus in the last 48 months into a Citi Strata Elite.​

Protection Benefits
Should you apply and be approved for the Citi Strata Elite℠ Card, more information will be provided in the Guide to Protection Benefits you receive with your card. Benefits are subject to terms, conditions, and limitations, including limitations on the amount of coverage. Coverage is provided by New Hampshire Insurance Company, an AIG company. The policy provides secondary coverage only except for MasterRental, where coverage is primary outside the Eligible Renter’s country of residence.

Award Program Information
American Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantage® program and its terms and conditions at any time with or without notice, and to end the AAdvantage® program with six months’ notice. Any such changes may affect your ability to use AAdvantage® Rewards and Benefits that you have already accumulated. American Airlines is not responsible for products or services offered by other participating companies. All third-party provider terms and conditions apply. For more information on miles and Loyalty Points, visit aa.com/loyaltypoints. For complete details about the AAdvantage® program, visit aa.com/aadvantage. For the AAdvantage® terms and conditions, visit aa.com/aadvantageterms.

Travel booked on American Airlines may be American Eagle® service, operated by Envoy Air Inc., Republic Airways Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airlines LLC, PSA Airlines, Inc., or Piedmont Airlines, Inc.

American Airlines, AAdvantage®, Admirals Club, the Flight Symbol logo and the Tail Design are marks of American Airlines, Inc.

oneworld® is a registered trademark of oneworld Alliance, LLC.

Summary of the Citi Strata Elite℠ Card Terms and Conditions

CITI THANKYOU® REWARDS​
With the Citi Strata Elite Card, you can earn ThankYou Points for purchases made on your Card. Unless you are participating in a limited-time offer, you will earn:​

12 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on hotels, car rentals, and attractions booked through Citi Travel® via cititravel.com or 1-833-737-1288 (TTY:711).
6 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on air travel booked through Citi Travel via cititravel.com or 1-833-737-1288 (TTY: 711).
6 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent at restaurants, including restaurant delivery services, for purchases authorized between Friday 6:00 PM through Saturday 6:00 AM ET, and Saturday 6:00 PM through Sunday 6:00 AM ET (“Citi Nights℠”).
3 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent at restaurants, including restaurant delivery services, for purchases authorized at any time outside of Citi Nights.
1.5 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on all other purchases, including the purchases excluded below.
Citi Travel
You will earn 12 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on hotels, car rentals, and attractions and 6 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on airfare booked using your Citi Strata Elite Card with Citi Travel via cititravel.com or 1-833-737-1288 (TTY:711). For bookings made with a combination of points and your Citi Strata Elite Card, only the portion paid with your card will earn points. Points are not earned on cancelled bookings that are refundable. If your account is closed for any reason, including if you convert to another card product, you will no longer be eligible for this offer. Citi Travel is powered by Rocket Travel by Agoda.

Restaurants
Includes purchases at cafes, bars, lounges, fast-food restaurants, restaurant delivery services, and take out restaurants. Excludes purchases at bakeries, caterers, and restaurants located inside another business (such as hotels, stores, stadiums, grocery stores, or warehouse clubs). You will only earn 1.5 ThankYou Points per $1 spent on restaurant gift card purchases if the merchant does not use the restaurant merchant category code for that purchase.

Citi Nights
You will earn 6 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent at restaurants, including restaurant delivery services, for purchases authorized between Friday 6:00 PM through Saturday 6:00 AM ET, and Saturday 6:00 PM through Sunday 6:00 AM ET when you use your Citi Strata Elite card.

Citi Nights eligibility is based on the day and time your restaurant purchase is authorized, not when the transaction is posted to your Account. For example, when paying for your dinner, the restaurant may authorize your purchase at 8:00 PM ET on a Friday night, but the transaction does not post to your Account until Monday. In this example, your purchase will qualify, because the purchase was authorized during Citi Nights. ThankYou Points will be issued to your Account once the purchase posts to your Account and is based on the amount of the final transaction, not the authorization amount.

Restaurant purchases made outside of Citi Nights may post to your Account on a Friday or Saturday. However, these purchases will not qualify for Citi Nights if the authorization for the purchase occurred at a time other than between Friday 6:00 PM through Saturday 6:00 AM ET, or Saturday 6:00 PM through Sunday 6:00 AM ET. For example, a restaurant purchase you made on Thursday night that posts to your Account on Saturday night would not qualify because the authorization took place outside the Citi Nights timeframe.

Merchant Classification for Rewards Categories. Merchants are assigned a merchant category code (“MCC”), which is determined in accordance with Visa/Mastercard/American Express procedures based on the kinds of products and services the merchants primarily sell. We don’t control the assignment of these codes and are not responsible for the codes used by merchants. When you use your card to make a purchase, we're provided an MCC for that purchase. We group similar merchant codes into categories for purposes of making rewards offers. Sometimes you may expect a purchase to fit within a rewards category, but if the code assigned to the merchant wasn’t grouped into that category, as recognized by Citi, your purchase will not qualify for additional points. For example, you won't earn additional points for purchases at a restaurant located within a retailer if the restaurant is assigned a “retailer” code instead of a “restaurant” code. Please also note - purchases made through mobile/wireless technology may not earn additional points depending on how the technology is set up to process the purchase. We reserve the exclusive right to determine which purchases qualify for additional points.

Only Purchases Earn Points. You’ll earn Points for purchases using your Card Account, minus returns and refunds. Balance transfers, Citi Flex Loans, cash advances, checks that access your Card Account, items returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, travelers checks, foreign currency purchases, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) do not earn ThankYou Points. When using Citi Flex Pay, you only earn ThankYou Points on the original purchase. If your hotel purchase booked through the Citi Travel site qualifies for the $300 annual hotel benefit, you won’t earn points on the portion of your purchase that is offset by the benefit.

​Open and Current Card Account. You may earn Points as long as your card account is open and current.

​When You Will Receive Points. Points earned through a purchase with your Card Account will appear in your ThankYou Account at the end of the billing cycle in which you made the purchase. This means that Points earned on purchases made near the end of a billing cycle may take up to one additional billing cycle to appear in your ThankYou Account. Bonus Points may take one to two additional billing cycles to post to your ThankYou Account.

Please see the Citi ThankYou Rewards Terms and Conditions at thankyou.com/terms, or call us at 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596) to request a complete copy of the Terms and Conditions. (TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service). The Terms and Conditions include redemption information on the Citi ThankYou Rewards Program.

Changes to the ThankYou Rewards Program. ThankYou Rewards may be terminated with 30 days prior written notice. If ThankYou Rewards is terminated, you will have 90 days from the ThankYou Rewards termination date, or if required by law, date of notification of termination, to redeem all your accumulated ThankYou Points. The ThankYou Rewards Program may be changed at any time, and if required by law, we will provide notice. Rewards offered by ThankYou Rewards and the ThankYou Point levels required for specific rewards are subject to change without notice.​

Up to $300 Annual Hotel Benefit via Citi Travel
Once per calendar year, enjoy up to $300 off a hotel stay of 2 nights or more when booked with Citi Travel via cititravel.com or 1-833-737-1288 (TTY:711). This benefit is subject to the following eligibility requirements: To receive the annual hotel benefit, you must pre-pay for your complete stay with your Citi Strata Elite Card, ThankYou® Points, or a combination thereof. If you choose to use the benefit, up to $300 will be applied to your reservation at the time of booking. If your reservation is less than $300, the remaining amount of the annual hotel benefit will be available for your next qualifying purchase in that same calendar year. If you cancel a booking for which you used any or all of your annual hotel benefit, the benefit will be returned to your account after the cancellation is processed and will remain available for use on any remaining days in the same calendar year. For example, if in November you make a qualifying reservation for March of the next year and use your $300 Annual Hotel Benefit, but you cancel the reservation in January, you will forfeit that benefit for the prior calendar year. If you use your annual hotel benefit for a non-refundable hotel purchase and you cancel your hotel booking, the non-refundable charge will still be offset by the benefit. All reservations must be changed or canceled through Citi Travel via cititravel.com or 1-833-737-1288 (TTY:711). If your hotel purchase qualifies for the $300 Annual Hotel Benefit, you won’t earn points on the portion of the purchase that is offset by the benefit.

Eligibility requirements:

Reservations must be made by the primary cardmember. Reservations can be made in the primary cardmember’s or Authorized User’s names.
Package rates such as air and hotel, or hotel and car rental do not qualify for the benefit.
Reservations made through any party or channel other than Citi Travel via cititravel.com or 1-833-737-1288 (TTY:711) are not eligible for the $300 Annual Hotel Benefit.
The $300 Annual Hotel Benefit cannot be combined in the same transaction with the Citi Prestige® Card Complimentary 4th Night hotel benefit if you have both the Citi Strata Elite and Citi Prestige cards. This benefit also cannot be combined with any other promotions or discounts on thankyou.com.
Up to $200 Annual Splurge Credit℠
Each calendar year, you may receive up to $200 in statement credits towards purchases made with an activated Splurge Credit merchant. Only the primary cardmember may sign-in at citi.com/splurgecredit or call 1-833-888-2168 (TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service) to select the Splurge Credit merchant(s) they would like to activate for their Splurge Credit. You may activate no more than 2 Splurge Credit merchants at any time. When you activate a Splurge Credit Merchant, we register your activation using Eastern Time. This could impact the day your new Splurge Credit Merchant is activated, or a merchant being replaced is deactivated, depending on your time zone. You may change your merchant(s) selection at any time. Once selected, a merchant is activated as of 12:00 AM ET on the day the merchant is selected. For example, if you select a merchant at 11:00 PM ET on a Wednesday, all purchases made with that merchant from 12:00 AM ET on Wednesday may qualify for a Splurge Credit. If more than two merchants are selected in any day, the final two selections at 11:59 PM ET will be activated for that day. Splurge Credit merchant options are subject to change at any time. If your activated Splurge Credit merchant is removed from the program, it is your responsibility to activate another merchant.

Once a Splurge Credit merchant is activated, credits will be issued for purchases at the activated merchant that post to the Citi Strata Elite Card, up to a total of $200 each calendar year. In order to receive a Splurge Credit, the Splurge Credit merchant must be activated when the purchase is authorized by the merchant. If the Splurge Credit merchant was activated when the purchase was authorized but is no longer activated when the purchase posts to the account, the purchase will still be eligible for a Splurge Credit. If the merchant does not authorize a purchase, for whatever reason, then the purchase will not be eligible for a Splurge Credit. Purchases made by either the primary cardmember or Authorized Users are eligible for Splurge Credits. However, the total amount of Splurge Credits will not exceed $200 per calendar year for the Account, regardless of who made the purchase.

Splurge Credits are applied after the purchase posts to your account. Splurge Credits are applied to the annual Splurge Credit amount for the calendar year the purchase was authorized. Eligible purchases that are authorized before December 31st, 11:59 PM each calendar year are eligible for statement credits within that year even if the purchase posts to your account the following year. Some merchants will not process a purchase transaction until the merchandise is shipped, this may delay when a purchase posts to your account. If a merchant authorizes a purchase repeatedly over time before posting the purchase to your account, Citi will use the last authorization date to determine eligibility. Citi is not responsible for when a merchant processes a transaction or how many times they authorize a transaction, if at all. Citi reserves the sole right to determine which year’s Splurge Credit benefit an eligible purchase is applied to.

To qualify for a Live Nation Splurge Credit(s), a purchase must be made directly on livenation.com or ticketmaster.com, and the purchase must be fulfilled by Live Nation or Ticketmaster. Purchases fulfilled by any other third-party service are not eligible to receive Splurge Credit(s). livenation.com and ticketmaster.com purchases made for events or venues outside of the United States and U.S. Territories are not eligible to receive Splurge Credit(s). Live Nation and Ticketmaster are not sponsors of this offer and are in no way responsible for the administration of the offer, the verification of eligibility, or the fulfillment of credits. All inquiries regarding the offer should be directed to Citi at 1-833-888-2168 (TTY: 711). American Airlines purchases that qualify for the Splurge credit are items billed by American Airlines or American Airlines Vacations as the merchant of record. Products or services that do not qualify for the Splurge credit are car rentals and hotel reservations, purchase of AAdvantage® status boost or renewal, and AA Cargo™ products and services. Citi reserves the sole right to determine which purchases qualify for a Splurge Credit. It may take up to 1-2 billing cycles for your Splurge Credit to appear on your statement. Splurge Credits are not applied to the Minimum Payment Due on your account.

Up to $200 in Annual Private Chauffeur Credit with Blacklane®
You will automatically receive statement credits totaling up to $100 from January through June and up to $100 from July through December, for a total of up to $200 per calendar year, toward purchases made with Blacklane using your Citi Strata Elite Card. Purchases must be made directly through the Blacklane app or their online website at blacklane.com. Purchases made by both the primary cardmember, and Authorized Users, are eligible for statement credits. However, each Account is only eligible for statement credits up to $100 for Blacklane purchases with a sale date from January through June and statement credits up to $100 for Blacklane purchases with a sale date from July through December, for a total of up to $200 in statement credits per calendar year. If your first ride with Blacklane in a 6-month period does not use the entire $100 credit, the remaining balance will be available for your next qualifying purchase within that 6-month period. Citi is not responsible for the sale date Blacklane submits with a purchase to your Account. Credits are assigned to a 6-month period based on the sale date provided by Blacklane with the purchase transaction, which may not be the date of service. For example, if you use Blacklane services on June 29th but the purchase transaction is submitted by Blacklane with a July 1st sale date, the purchase will be applied to the $100 statement credit for the July through December period. Statement credits reduce your account balance but are not applied to the Minimum Payment Due on your account.

Banking Relationship First Year and Annual Credits for qualifying Citigold® Private Clients
To qualify for the $595 First Year Banking Relationship and $145 Annual Credits, the primary cardmember must have an open and current Citi Strata Elite Card account with an assessed Annual Membership Fee of $595. Cardmembers paying an Annual Fee of $595 will earn a $595 statement credit in the first year of cardmembership and a $145 statement credit each year thereafter. The primary cardmember must also be an owner of a deposit account in the Citigold® Private Client Relationship Tier on the date your Annual Fee is charged to your Card Account. Existing deposit customers who are not in the Citigold® Private Client Tier and intend to Up-Tier to the Citigold® Private Client Relationship Tier must meet Balance Range requirements for three consecutive months to be Up-Tiered to the Citigold® Private Client Relationship Tier the first day of month 4. Existing deposit customers who enroll and meet Tier Acceleration requirements can Up-Tier in the next month. All Up-Tiering changes are effective on the first day of the month. The statement credit will be posted to your Card Account within three (3) billing cycles after the date your Annual Fee is charged to your Card Account.

Banking Relationship Annual Credits for qualifying Citigold® Customers
To qualify for the $145 Banking Relationship Annual Credit, the primary cardmember must have an open and current Citi Strata Elite with an assessed Annual Membership Fee of $595. The primary cardmember must also be an owner on a deposit account in the Citigold® Relationship Tier on the date your Annual Fee is charged to your Card Account. Existing deposit customers who are not in the Citigold® Tier and intend to Up-Tier to the Citigold® Relationship Tier must meet Balance Range requirements for three consecutive months to be Up-Tiered to the Citigold Relationship Tier the first day of month 4. Existing deposit customers who enroll and meet Tier Acceleration requirements can Up-Tier in the next month. All Up-Tiering changes are effective on the first day of the month. The statement credit will be posted to your Card Account within three (3) billing cycles after the date your Annual Fee is charged to your Card Account.

Global Entry® Or TSA Precheck® Application Fee Credit
Citi Strata Elite cardmembers are eligible to receive one statement credit up to $120 per Account every four years for either the Global Entry or the TSA PreCheck program application fee. The application fee must be charged to your Citi Strata Elite Card to qualify for the statement credit. You will receive a statement credit for the first program (either Global Entry or TSA PreCheck) to charge an application fee to your Citi Strata Elite Card, regardless of whether you are approved for the program. Please allow 1–2 billing cycles after the Global Entry or TSA PreCheck application fee is charged to your Account for the statement credit to be applied.

For information on Global Entry, visit globalentry.gov. For information on TSA PreCheck, visit tsa.gov. Applications are made directly with these organizations, and this information is not shared with Citi, nor does Citi have access to Global Entry or TSA records. Citi does not share Account information with Global Entry or TSA. Decisions to approve/deny applications are made solely by these organizations, and Citi has no influence over these decisions. Citi is not notified of approvals or denials of applications. Statement credits are not applied to the Minimum Payment Due on your account.

Priority PassTM Select Lounge Membership
Primary cardmembers and their authorized users receive complimentary membership to Priority Pass Select. Priority Pass Select membership includes access to over 1,500 airport lounges around the world. Your Priority Pass Select membership includes access to airport lounges participating in the Priority Pass Select network but does not include benefits at restaurants, cafes, or markets in the network. To access a lounge, present your physical Citi Strata Elite Card along with a boarding pass for same day travel. Primary cardmembers and their authorized users may create a digital account with Priority Pass at www.prioritypass.com/citistrataelite to access a digital membership card, however this step is not required for entry. With the Priority Pass Select membership, you are permitted up to 2 guests per visit to any participating lounge. Some lounges do not admit guests. You will be responsible for any guests accompanying you to a participating airport lounge. Some lounges may allow more than 2 guests, but only 2 guests are included with your Priority Pass Select membership. For additional guests, your Citi Strata Elite credit card will be charged $35 per guest, per visit. Priority Pass may use your information for marketing related to the program. Your Citi Strata Elite account must be open and in good standing to maintain your membership. Lounges participating in the Priority Pass network are owned and operated by independent third parties and their participation and/or facilities may change or be discontinued without notice. Access to a lounge may be denied, at the lounge’s discretion, due to capacity or if the lounge is reserving space for pre-booked members, among other reasons.

Priority Pass Select membership is subject to the Priority Pass Select Terms and Conditions. For the full conditions of use, please visit https://www.prioritypass.com/en/conditions-of-use or call 1-800-352-2834.

Four Admirals Club® Citi Strata Elite℠ Passes to American Airlines Admirals Club® Lounges
Each calendar year, the Citi Strata Elite primary cardmember will receive four digital Admirals Club® Citi Strata Elite℠ Passes (“Pass” or “Passes”) to the Admirals Club® lounges.

The primary cardmember must redeem one Pass to enter an Admirals Club lounge and may redeem available passes for each accompanying adult 18 years of age or older. The primary cardmember may redeem all four passes in one visit to bring in a maximum of three adult guests. The primary cardmember must be present with each accompanying adult for them to enter any Admirals Club lounge location. Once redeemed, a Pass is valid for a 24-hour period and can be used in multiple locations during that time. Up to 3 children under 18 years of age who are traveling with an adult who redeemed a Pass may also enter the lounge. Any Passes not redeemed at the end of the calendar year will be forfeited. To review a current list of Admirals Club lounges please visit aa.com/admiralsclub.

To access an Admirals Club lounge, the primary cardmember must present for themselves and on behalf of accompanying adults: a Pass located in their AAdvantage Wallet (located in the American Airlines Mobile App); or their boarding pass including their AAdvantage® number. The primary cardmember and any accompanying adults must also present: (i) their current government-issued I.D.; and (ii) a boarding pass for same-day travel on an eligible flight, which includes any departing or arriving flight that is (1) marketed or operated by American Airlines, (2) marketed and operated by any oneworld® carrier, or (3) marketed and operated by Alaska Airlines; and (iii) any additional documentation required by American Airlines. All persons must be of valid drinking age, based on applicable law, to consume alcohol.

All Admirals Club membership rules, terms and conditions apply. AMERICAN AIRLINES RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY ANY OR ALL RULES, TERMS AND CONDITIONS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE. SUCH MODIFICATIONS SHALL BE EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY AND INCORPORATED INTO THIS AGREEMENT. BY ACCESSING ANY ADMIRALS CLUB LOUNGE YOU SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE ACCEPTED THE ADMIRALS CLUB TERMS AND CONDITIONS. To review the complete Admirals Club membership terms and conditions, visit aa.com/admiralsclub. Upon closure of the Citi Strata Elite account for any reason, all Passes not redeemed are forfeited. If the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage account is closed for any reason, any remaining Passes may not be redeemed, and any remaining Passes or new Passes will not be deposited until the AAdvantage account is reopened or a new AAdvantage account is opened and linked to the Citi Strata Elite account.

American Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantage® program and its terms and conditions at any time with or without notice, and to end the AAdvantage® program with six months’ notice. Any such changes may affect your ability to use AAdvantage® Rewards and Benefits that you have already accumulated. American Airlines is not responsible for products or services offered by other participating companies. All third-party provider terms and conditions apply. For more information on miles and Loyalty Points, visit aa.com/loyaltypoints. For complete details about the AAdvantage® program, visit aa.com/aadvantage. For the AAdvantage® terms and conditions, visit aa.com/aadvantageterms.

The Reserve by Citi Travel Benefits and Supplemental Terms & Conditions​

The Reserve Benefits (Citi Strata Elite℠, Citi Strata Premier®, and Citi Prestige® cardmembers):

*$100.00(USD) Experience Credit
Room Upgrade, upon availability
Daily Breakfast for Two
Complimentary Wi-Fi
Early Check-In, upon availability
Late Check-Out, upon availability
*Experience varies by property

To receive these benefits, you must select a hotel room rate offered by The Reserve at check-out
Supplemental Terms & Conditions:

$100.00 Experience Credit (The Reserve rates only)​

The complimentary $100.00 Experience Credit is determined by each hotel and shall be valued at $100.00(USD). The $100.00 Experience Credit may be in the form of a credit or gift card, provided directly by the hotel. Please contact the hotel directly to inquire about what services are subject to $100.00 Experience Credit. Certain services subject to the $100.00 USD Experience Credit may require advance reservations. Contact the hotel directly for more information and in order to obtain reservations, if required. Back-to-back stays within 24 hours at the same hotel are considered one stay. Benefits shall be awarded once per stay. If the $100.00 Experience Credit and other benefits are not consumed during the eligible stay, no refunds or compensation shall be provided to you and the remaining balance will be forfeited.
Room Upgrades (The Reserve rates only)
Room Upgrades are based on availability and only certain hotel room categories may be available for upgrade.

Daily Breakfast for Two (The Reserve rates)​
Daily Breakfast for Two is included and may be provided directly by the hotel or in the form of a gift card or credit. If breakfast is included as a standard amenity of the hotel, no additional compensation or amenity will be provided to you.​

Complimentary Wi-Fi (The Reserve rates and Hotel Collection)​
Complimentary Wi-Fi is provided, with the exception of select hotels where Wi-Fi is included as part of a mandatory daily resort fee or is not available. If Wi-Fi is included as a standard amenity of the hotel, no additional compensation or amenity will be provided to you.

Check-In/Check-Out (The Reserve rates and Hotel Collection)
Early Check-In eligibility is determined at time of check-in and is subject to availability.
Late Check-Out eligibility is determined at time of check-in and is subject to availability.

General
Both The Reserve Benefits and Hotel Collection Benefits are subject to change, availability, may vary by hotel and benefits cannot be redeemed for cash and may not be combined with any other offers. Benefits must be used during the stay booked and may not be used at a later date. Benefits are available only when you book with Citi Travel® using your eligible Citi card. All bookings in the Hotel Collection and The Reserve are also subject to Rocket Travel by Agoda’s Terms and Conditions of Use for Hotels, Cars, and Attractions, above.

The Hotel Collection Benefits and Supplemental Terms & Conditions

Hotel Collection Benefits (All eligible cardmembers with access to Citi Travel®):

Daily Breakfast for Two
Complimentary Wi-Fi
Early Check-In, upon availability
Late Check-Out, upon availability
To receive these benefits, you must select a hotel room rate within the Hotel Collection at check-out
Daily Breakfast for Two (Hotel Collection rates)
Daily Breakfast for Two is included and may be provided directly by the hotel or in the form of a gift card or credit. If breakfast is included as a standard amenity of the hotel, no additional compensation or amenity will be provided to you.

Complimentary Wi-Fi (Hotel Collection rates)
Complimentary Wi-Fi is provided, with the exception of select hotels where Wi-Fi is included as part of a mandatory daily resort fee or is not available. If Wi-Fi is included as a standard amenity of the hotel, no additional compensation or amenity will be provided to you.

Check-In/Check-Out (Hotel Collection rates)
Early Check-In eligibility is determined at time of check-in and is subject to availability.
Late Check-Out eligibility is determined at time of check-in and is subject to availability.

General
Hotel Collection Benefits are subject to change, availability, may vary by hotel and benefits cannot be redeemed for cash and may not be combined with any other offers. Benefits must be used during the stay booked and may not be used at a later date. Benefits are available only when you book with Citi Travel® using your eligible Citi card. All bookings in the Hotel Collection and The Reserve are also subject to Rocket Travel by Agoda’s Terms and Conditions of Use for Hotels, Cars, and Attractions, above.

Access to Death & Co®’s “Fashioned”
To access Fashioned, primary cardmembers and authorized users 21 years of age and older must register for Fashioned via deathandcompany.com/citi, entering their Citi Strata Elite℠ Card as the payment method. Cardmembers will receive access to Death & Co®’s lifestyle platform, Fashioned, that hosts cocktail and lifestyle centric content. Complimentary access is only granted by enrolling with your Citi Strata Elite℠ Card as the payment method.

Death & Co® may use your registration information for marketing communications related to the Fashioned platform.

Access to Fashioned is subject to the Death & Co® Terms of Service which can be reviewed at deathandcompany.com/citi/terms.

For Adults 21+. Please Drink Responsibly. Enjoy in Moderation and Know Your Limits.

Death & Co® is a registered trademark of Death & Co Proprietors LLC. All rights reserved.

Access to Dining Events with The Supper Club™
Primary Citi Strata Elite cardmembers and their authorized users have the opportunity to purchase ticket(s) to specified dining events hosted in major U.S. cities through The Supper Club.
To access the Citi Strata Elite cardmember dining event(s) from The Supper Club®, cardmembers may visit thesupperclubinc.com/citi to view offerings with tickets available for purchase. Tickets must be purchased using your Citi Strata Elite card, unless accessing tickets for purchase as a member of The Supper Club or Dorsia. Tickets are subject to availability. Ticket limit per account and age requirements vary by event.

Tickets are non-refundable, non-transferable, and valid only for the specified event date and time. The Supper Club reserves the right to modify or cancel the event at its sole discretion, with reasonable efforts made to notify ticket holders in advance.

Citigroup Inc., its affiliates and contractors will be filming, recording, and/or taking photographs at The Supper Club sponsored by Citi events. By entering the event area, you consent to be photographed, audio recorded, and/or video recorded and grant Citigroup Inc., its affiliates and contractors (“Citigroup”) permission to use such photographs, audio recordings, and/or video recordings for the purpose of advertising, marketing, and publicizing Citigroup and/or its products and services in all media formats, including on websites and social media channels. All such photographs and recordings shall be the sole property of Citigroup Inc. By entering the event area, you waive all rights you may have to any claims to payment or other compensation in connection with Citigroup’s use of any photographs and recordings. If you do not agree to photographs or recordings of you being used for Citigroup’s commercial purposes, please do not enter the event area.

Access to exclusive The Supper Club dining events are subject to The Supper Club’s Terms of Services: https://thesupperclubinc.com/terms-of-services

Citi® Flex Pay Terms and Conditions
Your Citi Flex Pay monthly payment will be added to the Minimum Payment Due each billing cycle until paid in full.
To use Citi Flex Pay on an eligible purchase, your account must be current, under the credit limit, and have the applicable Citi Flex Pay terms. Other factors may apply.

Additional Information
Any benefit, reward, service, or feature offered in connection with your Card Account may change or be discontinued at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn’t responsible for products and services offered by other companies.

Fraud, Misuse, Abuse, or Suspicious Activity
If we see evidence of fraud, misuse, abuse, or suspicious activity, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to take action against you. This may include, without limitation and without prior notice, any or all of the following:

Taking away your accrued Points
Stopping you from earning Points
Suspending or closing your Citi® Account or ThankYou® Account
Taking legal action to recover Rewards redeemed because of such activity and to recover our monetary losses, including litigation costs and damages
Some examples of fraud, misuse, abuse and suspicious activity include:

Buying or selling Points
Repeatedly opening Card Accounts for the primary purpose of acquiring Points
Using your Card Accounts in an abusive manner for the primary purpose of acquiring Points
Using your Card Account other than primarily for personal, consumer or household purposes
Points redemptions that you didn’t authorize
Please contact the ThankYou Service Center at 1-800-ThankYou (1-800-842-6596) (TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service) immediately if you suspect your ThankYou Account is the target of fraud or suspicious activity. For more information, please see the Citi ThankYou Rewards Terms and Conditions at thankyou.com/terms.

Customer Service Contact Information
For questions about your Citi Strata Elite℠ account, contact customer service at 1-833-888-2168 (TTY: We accept 711 or other relay service).

American Airlines, AAdvantage®, Admirals Club, the Flight Symbol logo and the Tail Design are marks of American Airlines, Inc.

Blacklane is a registered trademark of Blacklane GmbH.

Citi Travel is powered by Rocket Travel by Agoda.

Mastercard, World Legend and the circles design are trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.
The Contactless Indicator mark, consisting of four graduating arcs, is a trademark owned by and used with permission of EMVCo, LLC.

The TSA PreCheck® trademark is used with the permission of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security

©2026 Citibank, N.A.
Citi, Citi and Arc Design, and other marks used herein are service marks of Citigroup Inc. or its affiliates, used and registered throughout the world.


Close

Feedback
 