Skip to Content
CITI DISCLOSURES
Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases
0% introductory APR for 15 months from date of account opening.
After that, your APR will be 18.49% to 28.49%, based on your creditworthiness. 
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
APR for Balance Transfers
0% introductory APR for 15 months from date of account opening when transfers are completed within 4 months from date of account opening.
After that, your APR will be 18.49% to 28.49%, based on your creditworthiness. 
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
APR for Cash Advances
29.74%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.b
APR for Citi Flex Plans
18.49% to 28.49%, based on your creditworthiness.
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
Penalty APR and When it Applies
Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.c
This APR may be applied to your account if you:
(1) Make a late payment or
(2) Make a payment that is returned.
How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.
How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases
Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your monthly Citi Flex Plan Payment Amount plus your entire balance, excluding any Citi Flex Plan balances, by the due date each month. If you do not pay your monthly Citi Flex Plan Payment plus your entire balance, excluding any Citi Flex Plan balances, by the due date each month, you will pay interest on your purchases from the date they're posted to your account. We will begin charging interest on cash advances, balance transfers, and Citi Flex Loans on the transaction date. We will begin charging interest on a Citi Flex Pay balance subject to an APR at the start of the billing cycle following the billing cycle during which you created the Citi Flex Pay.
Minimum Interest Charge
If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50.
Plan Fee (Fixed Finance Charge)
A monthly fee of up to 1.72% of each Transaction moved to a Citi Flex Plan subject to such fee based on the Citi Flex Plan duration, the APR that would otherwise apply to the Transaction, and other factors.
For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Fees
Annual Fee
None
Transaction Fees
Balance Transfer
Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater, introductory fee for transfers made within 4 months of account opening.
After that, your fee will be either $5 or 5% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
Cash Advance
Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Foreign Purchase Transaction
3% of each purchase transaction in U.S. dollars.
Penalty Fees
Late Payment
Up to $41
Returned Payment
Up to $41
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including current transactions)."
Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you make a late payment.
For more information call Citibank, N.A. at 1-877-625-6382 (TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service). New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods.
Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, including transferred balances. Generally, any amount paid over the Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest APR balances first.
Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 6.75% Prime Rate.
a We add 11.74% to 21.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer/Citi Flex Plan APR.
b We add 22.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR.
c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR.

Variable APRs are calculated based on the Prime Rate plus the additional amount shown above. However, these APRs will not exceed 29.99%. This means if a calculated APR exceeds 29.99%, then that APR will be 29.99%. If the calculated APR is equal to or below 29.99%, then that APR will be that calculated amount.
Note: Balance Transfers and Flex Plans are made available at our discretion.
Citi StrataSM Card Terms & Conditions
This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age (21 years of age in Puerto Rico). If you're married, you may apply for separate accounts. The Card offer referenced in this communication is only available to individuals who reside in the United States and its territories. Your eligibility for a particular product and service is subject to a final determination by Citibank. This communication is not, and should not be construed as, an offer to individuals outside of the United States. Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, (“Citi,” “we” or “us”) is the issuer of the account. Please allow 4 weeks from the date of submission to process your Card Account application.

By submitting this application, you request that Citi establish a Citi Strata Card account (the “Card Account”) for you and any authorized users you have designated. You agree that all information provided in this application must be verifiable and accurate. The Card Account is governed by the terms of the card agreement (“Card Agreement”) provided when the Card Account is issued.

Identity Verification
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification information about you or any Authorized User you add to your account.

Authorization for the Social Security Administration to Disclose Your Social Security Number Verification - You authorize the Social Security Administration (SSA) to verify and disclose to Citibank, N.A. through Early Warning Services, LLC for the purpose of this transaction whether the name, Social Security Number (SSN) and date of birth you have submitted matches information in SSA records. Your consent is for a one-time validation within the next 90 days.

ABOUT USING YOUR MOBILE PHONE TO APPLY FOR AN ACCOUNT ONLINE
You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Citi or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.

Separately, Citibank may obtain information about your mobile phone activity from third parties and may use this information for its other everyday business purposes. For more information, see our U.S. Privacy Notice for Consumers.

Credit Reports
You authorize us to get credit reports and other information about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, including information about your credit or deposit accounts with other financial institutions. This information may be used for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Account, credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Card Account, offering other products and services and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether we requested a credit bureau report and the names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report negative information about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting agencies.

Credit Information
To receive a Card Account, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness and any other of our eligibility criteria, which we determine in our sole discretion.

Your credit limit will be determined based on the following:

Your annual salary and wages
Any other annual income
A review of your debt, including the debt listed on your credit report
We'll inform you of your credit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $500. Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your credit limit.

Card Agreement
If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account. The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account, the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement. We have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement and applicable law.

Communications
You agree that we and or our service providers may contact you at any phone number provided, email address, or mailing address. This includes communications to mobile or similar device. We may contact you by live person, auto dialer, recorded or artificial voice, text, or email for servicing, marketing information, or with our decision on your credit card application.

Special Notices
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.

Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before your account is opened.

Important Information About Adding An Authorized User
Before adding an Authorized User to your Card Account you should know:

You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the Authorized User.
Authorized Users have access to your Card Account information.
Before adding an Authorized User, you must let him/her know that we may report Card Account performance to the credit reporting agencies in the Authorized User's name.
If we ask for information about the Authorized User, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law.

Balance Transfer Information
How to Make Balance Transfers

After receiving your card, you can call the customer service number on the back of your card (For TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service) to transfer balances. Balance transfers are made available at our discretion.
If we give you the option to transfer a balance with your application, it will take at least 14 days after your Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer payments. During this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling the number on the back of your card (For TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service).
The total amount of your balance transfer plus balance transfer fees must be less than your available credit limit or any other limit we communicate. Be sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount because you may lose your dispute rights. You cannot transfer balances from other accounts issued by Citibank, N.A. or its affiliates. If you are unsure of the issuer on the account, please visit citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliates.
Continue to make any required minimum payments to your creditor(s) until you have confirmed this Balance Transfer has been completed. The available credit limit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, including fees we approve.
Things You Should Know About Your Balance Transfer Offer:

If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest will be charged on purchases made with your Card Account unless your purchases have a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amount of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing period. If your New Balance includes a Citi Flex Plan, interest will be charged on purchases unless you pay the Adjusted New Balance shown on your statement, plus any Citi Flex Plan Payment Amount, by the due date each month or those purchases have a 0% APR.

Additional Information - Citi Strata℠ Card
When you register for digital access, you will be required to agree to receive monthly statements and some legal notices only electronically if you have not agreed previously. You can change your delivery preferences at any time after registration by managing the paperless settings for your account.

Bonus Points Offer
Balance transfers, Citi Flex Loans, cash advances, checks that access your Card Account, items returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, travelers checks, foreign currency purchases, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) are not purchases. Purchases must be posted to your account during the promotional period. Many merchants will wait for a purchase to ship before they post the purchase to your account. Offer available to new Citi Strata℠ Card cardmembers approved through this offer. Bonus ThankYou® Points are not available if you received a new account bonus for a Citi Strata℠, Citi Strata Student, Citi Rewards+® or Citi Rewards+ Student account in the past 48 months or if you converted another Citi credit card account on which you earned a new account bonus in the last 48 months into a Citi Strata℠, Citi Strata Student, Citi Rewards+® or Citi Rewards+ Student account.

Summary of the Citi Strata Card Terms and Conditions
Citi® ThankYou® Rewards

With the Citi Strata Card, you can earn ThankYou Points for purchases made on your card.

Unless you are participating in a limited-time offer, you will earn:

5 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on hotels, car rentals, and attractions booked through Citi Travel® via cititravel.com or 1-833-737-1288 (TTY:711)
3 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent at Supermarkets
3 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on Select Transit purchases and at Gas & EV Charging Stations
3 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent in an eligible Self-Select Category of your choice (Fitness Clubs, Select Streaming Services, Live Entertainment, Cosmetic Stores/Barber Shops/Hair Salons, or Pet Supply Stores)
2 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent at Restaurants
1 ThankYou Point for each $1 spent on All Other Purchases
The following definitions and non-qualifying purchases apply to the categories listed above:

Citi Travel
You will earn 5 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on hotels, car rentals, and attractions when you use your Citi Strata Card to book through Citi Travel via cititravel.com or 1-833-737-1288 (TTY: 711 or other Relay Service). For bookings made with a combination of points and your Citi Strata Card, only the portion paid with your card will earn points. Points are not earned on cancelled bookings. If your account is closed for any reason, including if you convert to another card product, you will no longer be eligible for this offer. Citi Travel is powered by Rocket Travel by Agoda.

Supermarkets
Excludes purchases at general merchandise/discount superstores, freezer/meat locker provisioners, dairy product stores, miscellaneous food/convenience stores, markets, drugstores, warehouse clubs, wholesale clubs, specialty vendors, bakeries; candy, nut and confectionery stores, and meal kit delivery services. You also won't earn 3X Points for purchases made at online supermarkets if the merchant does not classify itself as a supermarket by using the supermarket merchant category code.

Select Transit and Gas & EV Charging Stations
Select transit includes car rentals, ferries, commuter railways, subways, taxis/limousines/car services, passenger railways, bridge and road tolls, parking lots/garages, bus lines, and motor home and recreational vehicle rentals. Also includes merchants that sell electricity for charging an electric vehicle. Excludes bike/scooter rentals, auto clubs and insurance companies. Gas stations exclude gas purchases at warehouse clubs, wholesale stores, superstores, discount stores, department stores, convenience stores or other merchants that do not use the gas station merchant category codes.

Restaurants
Includes purchases at cafes, bars, lounges, fast-food restaurants, restaurant delivery services, and take out restaurants. Excludes purchases at bakeries, caterers, and restaurants located inside another business (such as hotels, stores, stadiums, grocery stores, or warehouse clubs). You will earn 2 ThankYou Points per $1 spent on restaurant gift card purchases if the merchant uses the restaurant merchant category code for those transactions.

Select Streaming Services
Includes the following streaming providers: Amazon Prime Video, Apple Music, Disney+, DirecTV Stream, ESPN+, Fandango at Home, fuboTV, HBO Max, Hulu, MLB.TV, NBA League Pass, Netflix, Pandora, Paramount+, Sling TV, Spotify, Starz, SiriusXM, Tidal, YouTube Premium, and YouTube TV. A streaming service purchase will not qualify for this offer if the charge is bundled with another product, membership, or service; or if it is billed by a third party such as a digital platform or as a purchase inside another streaming service. The above names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. Participating streaming services may change at any time. The owners of the above trademarks do not endorse Citibank N.A.’s services, and are not otherwise affiliated with Citibank, N.A. or any of its related entities.

Fitness Clubs
Includes membership fee and other purchases at athletic, sports and recreation facilities requiring membership such as health, tennis, and swimming clubs. Excludes fees associated with virtual services for home exercise equipment, personal monitoring devices, or fitness streaming classes.

Live Entertainment
Includes ticket purchases for live entertainment, including concerts, live sporting events, live theatrical productions, amusement parks, and orchestras. Excludes: charitable organizations that provide live entertainment (benefits), sporting camps, sports complexes where you participate in the sport, public and private golf courses, country clubs (including membership fees), bowling alleys, movie theaters, tourist attractions, museums, and art galleries.

Cosmetic Stores/Barber Shops/Hair Salons
Cosmetic stores include retailers that sell every day and theatrical cosmetics. You will not earn 3X Points for cosmetic purchases made in businesses such as department stores, drug stores, and supermarkets unless they use the Cosmetic Stores merchant category code. Barber Shops and Hair Salons include merchants that provide personal hair care services such as hair cutting, styling, coloring, and extensions. Barber Shops and Hair Salons may also perform manicures and pedicures and sell a limited selection of hair care products. You will not earn 3X Points for purchases made at barber shops and hair salons located in other businesses such as spas or hotels unless they use the Barber Shops and or Hair Salons merchant category code.

Pet Supply Stores
Retailers that sell pet food and pet supplies. You will not earn 3X Points for pet supply purchases made at drug stores, markets, wholesale clubs, discount superstores, and supermarkets. You will not earn 3X points for veterinary services unless they use the Pet Supply Stores merchant category code.

Merchant Classification for Rewards Categories
Merchants are assigned a merchant category code (“MCC”), which is determined in accordance with Visa/Mastercard/American Express procedures based on the kinds of products and services the merchants primarily sell. We don’t control the assignment of these codes and are not responsible for the codes used by merchants. When you use your card to make a purchase, we're provided with an MCC for that purchase. We group similar merchant codes into categories for the purpose of making rewards offers. Sometimes you may expect a purchase to fit within a rewards category, but if the code assigned to the merchant wasn’t grouped into that category, as recognized by Citi, your purchase will not qualify for additional points. For example, you won't earn additional points for purchases at a restaurant located within a retailer if the restaurant is assigned a “retailer” code instead of a “restaurant” code. Please also note - purchases made through mobile/wireless technology may not earn additional points depending on how the technology is set up to process the purchase. We reserve the exclusive right to determine which purchases qualify for additional points.

Self-Select Category
You will earn 3 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on purchases made in an eligible Self-Select Category of your choice. Self-Select Categories include: Fitness Clubs, Select Streaming Services, Live Entertainment, Cosmetic Stores/Barber Shops/Hair Salon, or Pet Supply Stores.

When your account is opened, the default Self-Select Category is Select Streaming Services. To change your Self-Select Category the primary card member must register for an online account and sign-in at citi.com/selfselect or call 1-800-842-6596 (TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service) and choose which Self-Select Category to activate. You may change your Self-Select Category once each calendar quarter (January-March, April-June, July-September, October-December). The change will go into effect the following day at 12:00 AM Central Time. To qualify for 3X ThankYou Points, eligible purchases must be made on the day after a Self-Select Category is chosen to be eligible for the newly selected category. For example, if you changed your category to Fitness Clubs on Monday, you would begin to earn 3 ThankYou Points per $1 spent on Fitness Club purchases made on Tuesday (Central Time). Citi will use the purchase date listed on your statement to determine when the purchase was made. Some merchants will not process a purchase transaction until the merchandise is shipped, this may delay the purchase date on your account. Citi is not responsible for when a merchant processes a transaction.

Only Purchases Earn Points
You’ll earn Points for purchases using your Card Account, minus returns and refunds. Balance transfers, Citi Flex Loans, cash advances, checks that access your Card Account, items returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, travelers checks, foreign currency purchases, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) do not earn ThankYou Points. When using Citi Flex Pay, you only earn ThankYou Points on the original purchase amount.

Open and Current Card Account
You may earn ThankYou Points as long as your Card Account is open and current.

Changes to the ThankYou Rewards program
ThankYou Rewards may be terminated with 30 days prior written notice.If ThankYou Rewards is terminated, you will have 90 days from ThankYou Rewards termination date, or, if required by law, date of notification of termination, to redeem all your accumulated ThankYou Points.The ThankYou Rewards program may be changed at any time, and if required by law, we will provide notice.Rewards offered by ThankYou Rewards and the ThankYou Point levels required for specific rewards are subject to change without notice.

When You Will Receive Points
Points earned through a purchase with your Card Account will appear in your ThankYou Account at the end of the billing cycle in which you made the purchase. This means that Points earned on purchases made near the end of the billing cycle may take up to one additional billing cycle to appear in your ThankYou Account. (Bonus Points may take one to two additional billing cycles to post to your ThankYou Account).

Please see the Citi ThankYou Rewards Terms and Conditions at thankyou.com/terms or call us at 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596) (For TTY: We accept 711 or other Relay Service) to request a complete copy of the Terms and Conditions. The Terms and Conditions include redemption information on the Citi ThankYou Rewards Program.

Citi® Flex Pay Terms and Conditions
Your Citi Flex Pay monthly payment will be added to the Minimum Payment Due each billing cycle until paid in full. To use Citi Flex Pay on an eligible purchase, your account must be current, under the credit limit, and have the applicable Citi Flex Pay terms. Other factors may apply.

Additional Information

Any benefit, reward, service, or feature offered in connection with your Card Account may change or be discontinued at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn’t responsible for products and services offered by other companies.

Fraud, Misuse, Abuse, or Suspicious Activity

If we see evidence of fraud, misuse, abuse, or suspicious activity, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to take action against you. This may include, without limitation and without prior notice, any or all of the following:

Taking away your accrued Points
Stopping you from earning Points
Suspending or closing your Citi Account or ThankYou Account
Taking legal action to recover Rewards redeemed because of such activity and to recover our monetary losses, including litigation costs and damages.
Some examples of fraud, misuse, abuse and suspicious activity include:

Buying or selling Points
Repeatedly opening Card Accounts for the primary purpose of acquiring Points
Using your Card Accounts in an abusive manner for the primary purpose of acquiring Points
Using your Card Account other than primarily for personal, consumer or household purposes
Points redemptions that you didn’t authorize
Please contact the ThankYou Service Center at 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596) (TTY: 711) immediately if you suspect your ThankYou Account is the target of fraud or suspicious activity.

The Contactless Indicator mark, consisting of four graduating arcs, is a trademark owned by and used with permission of EMVCo, LLC.

Mastercard®, World Elite and the circles design are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.

©2026 Citibank, N.A.

Citi, Citi and Arc Design, and other marks used herein are service marks of Citigroup Inc. or its affiliates, used and registered throughout the world.


Close

Feedback