Offer Details
Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply.

$200 Cash Back After You Spend $500 On Purchases In The First 3 Months From Account Opening: This product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. You will receive 20,000 bonus points with this bonus offer, which can be redeemed for $200 cash back. To qualify and receive your bonus, you must make Purchases totaling $500 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. (“Purchases” do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

Cash Back And Points: Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the Chase Freedom Flex® rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement (PDF)Opens in a new window. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com/ultimaterewardsOpens in a new window.
Cash Back and Points: "Cash Back rewards" are the rewards you earn under the program. Cash Back rewards are tracked as points and each $1 in Cash Back rewards earned is equal to 100 points. You may simply see "Cash Back" in marketing materials when referring to the rewards you earn. You may also see, "points" or "Ultimate Rewards points" when referring to the points you can use. How you can earn points: You'll earn points on purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds, made with a Chase Freedom Flex credit card by you or an authorized user of the account. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn points: Balance transfers, cash advances or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 1% Cash Back: You'll earn 1% Cash Back rewards for each $1 spent. 3% Cash Back in the drugstore and dining at restaurants categories: You'll earn 3% Cash Back rewards total for each $1 spent on purchases in the following rewards categories: drugstores and dining at restaurants including takeout and eligible delivery services (2% additional Cash Back rewards on top of the 1% Cash Back rewards earned on each purchase). 5% Cash Back on Chase Travel bookings: You'll earn 5% Cash Back rewards total for each $1 spent on purchases made using your card through Chase Travel (4% additional Cash Back rewards on top of the 1% Cash Back rewards earned on each purchase). 5% Cash Back in quarterly bonus categories: You'll earn 5% Cash Back rewards total for each $1 spent until $1,500 is spent on combined purchases in the quarterly bonus categories each quarter that you activate the bonus (4% additional Cash Back rewards on top of the 1% Cash Back rewards earned on each purchase). You must activate your 5% Bonus Cash Back each quarter by the activation deadline. 5% Cash Back quarterly bonus categories may include individual select merchants in addition to bonus rewards categories. After $1,500 is spent on combined purchases in the quarterly bonus categories each quarter, you go back to earning 1% Cash Back rewards for each $1 spent, with no maximum. For more information on 5% Cash Back quarterly bonus offers, please visit chase.com/freedomflexOpens in a new window and select the Chase Freedom Flex FAQs link at the bottom of the page. For a purchase to qualify for the 5% bonus Cash Back, the merchant must submit charges to your credit card by the last day of the relevant calendar quarter. How you can use your points: You can use your points to redeem for any available reward options, including cash, gift cards, travel, and pay with points for products or services made available through the program or directly from third parties. Redemption values for reward options vary. Points expiration/losing points: Your points don't expire as long as your account is open, however, you'll immediately lose all your points if your account status changes, or your account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. Rewards Categories: Merchants who accept Visa/Mastercard credit cards are assigned a merchant code, which is determined by the merchant or its processor in accordance with Visa/Mastercard procedures based on the kinds of products and services they primarily sell. We group similar merchant codes into categories for purposes of making rewards offers to you. Please note: We make every effort to include all relevant merchant codes in our rewards categories. However, even though a merchant or some of the items that it sells may appear to fit within a rewards category, the merchant may not have a merchant code in that category. When this occurs, purchases with that merchant won't qualify for rewards offers on purchases in that category. Purchases submitted by you, an authorized user, or the merchant through third-party payment accounts, mobile or wireless card readers, online or mobile digital wallets, or similar technology will not qualify in a rewards category if the technology is not set up to process the purchase in that rewards category. For more information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window.

Third-Party Merchants: The listed merchant(s) are in no way affiliated with Chase, nor are the listed merchant(s) considered sponsors or co-sponsors of this program. All trademarks are the property of their respective owner(s).

Zero Liability: Zero Liability Protection does not apply to use of an account by an authorized user without the approval of the primary cardmember. If you think someone used your account without permission, tell us immediately by calling the Cardmember Services number on your card or billing statement.

Account Alerts: Delivery of alerts may be delayed for various reasons including technology failures and capacity limitations. There is no charge from Chase, but message and data rates may apply.

Amazon Shop With Points: When using points at checkout, each point is worth $0.008, which means that 100 points equals $0.80 in redemption value.
Amazon.com Shop with Points service terms applyOpens Overlay.
Amazon, the Amazon.com logo, the smile logo, and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.comOpens Overlay, Inc. or its affiliates.

Chase Mobile App: Chase Mobile® app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply.

Complimentary 6 months of DashPass: When the membership is activated for the first time between 02/01/2025 and 12/31/2027, your Chase Freedom Flex account will receive 6 months of complimentary DashPass for use on both the DoorDash and Caviar applications during the same membership period based on the first activation date. After your complimentary period ends, you will continue to be enrolled and will be automatically charged the then-current monthly DashPass rate (plus applicable tax) on a recurring monthly basis until you cancel. You can cancel anytime on DoorDash or Caviar. Membership will be registered in the name of the primary cardmember or an authorized user, whoever activates the benefit first. The same log in credentials must be used on DoorDash and Caviar in order for the DashPass benefit to be used on both applications. To receive the membership benefits, the primary cardmember and authorized user(s) must first add their applicable Chase credit card as a default payment method on DoorDash or Caviar, and then click the activation button. Once enrolled in DashPass, you must use your Chase Freedom Flex card for payment at checkout for DashPass-eligible orders to receive DashPass benefits. DashPass benefits apply only to eligible orders from DashPass-eligible merchants that meet the minimum subtotal (as stated in the DoorDash and Caviar apps and sites with amounts subject to change). However, other fees (including service fee), taxes, and gratuity on orders may apply. Current value of the DashPass membership is as of 02/01/2025. DashPass orders are subject to delivery driver and geographic availability. Membership must be activated with a United States address. Payment through third-party payment accounts, or online or mobile digital wallets (like Apple Pay and Google Pay), or memberships purchased through third parties are excluded from this offer. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by DoorDash or Caviar are not within Chase’s control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash or Caviar benefits and services. If you product change to another Chase credit card during the promotional period, your benefits may change. You may experience a delay in updating your applicable benefits in the DoorDash application; please note, once you product trade, the benefits from your previous credit card are no longer available for your use. Your applicable Chase credit card account must be open and not in default to maintain membership benefits. See full DoorDash terms and conditions at:
https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens overlay.

Earn Up to $10 Off Quarterly on DoorDash Non-Restaurant Orders: Once you have activated your Chase Freedom, Chase Freedom Unlimited, Chase Freedom Student, Chase Freedom Flex, or Chase Freedom Rise DashPass membership, you will receive a $10 off discount each calendar quarter at checkout on one qualifying non-restaurant order on DoorDash as long as you remain enrolled in a DashPass membership. Discount applies to subtotal only; does not apply to fees, taxes, and gratuity. Fees, taxes, and gratuity still apply. To claim, select the discount from the promotion wallet at checkout, or claim the discount when prompted in the DoorDash app or website. If the full $10 value is not used on a single order, the remaining value will be forfeited. You must use the card used to enroll in your Chase Freedom, Chase Freedom Unlimited, Chase Freedom Student, Chase Freedom Flex, or Chase Freedom Rise DashPass membership as your payment method at order checkout to receive this discount. This discount may be combined with other order-level promotions, discounts, or deals. The quarterly discount will be made available to you in your DoorDash account at the beginning of each quarter and will only be available on that platform for the remainder of that calendar quarter; the quarterly discount will not roll over into a subsequent quarter. Once redeemed, the discount will not be refunded to the user regardless of whether the user otherwise receives a refund or credits back on their order. Not valid for the purchase of gift cards. Not valid on alcohol in some states. Limit one redemption per quarter per person. Valid in the U.S. only. Discount has no cash value and is non-transferable. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash benefits and services. Credit card product changes during the promotional period will forfeit this offer. Additional DoorDash promotional terms and conditions available at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens overlay.

All deliveries subject to availability. Must have or create a valid DoorDash account. Qualifying orders containing alcohol will be charged a $0.01 Delivery Fee. No cash value. Non-transferable. See full terms and conditions at: help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditionsOpens overlay.

2% Cash Back Offer on Lyft Purchases: You’ll earn 2% cash back total on qualifying Lyft products and services purchased through the Lyft mobile application through 09/30/2027. That’s 1% additional cash back on top of the 1% cash back earned on each purchase in the rewards program. Qualifying Lyft products and services include rideshare; bike and scooter rides; and subscription and membership products. Purchase of gift cards, car rentals, vehicle service centers, miscellaneous fees, and other Lyft products and services are excluded from this promotion. Future Lyft products or services may not be eligible. Additional cash back will appear on your billing statement in a separate line from base cash back. Lyft is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, Chase benefits or services.

Cardmembers Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time: Eligible cardmembers are those with access to Chase Pay Over Time who use a participating Chase credit card for eligible purchases. Access to Chase Pay Over Time is not guaranteed, is based on a variety of factors such as creditworthiness, credit limit and account behavior, and may change from time to time. Participating Chase credit cards are consumer credit cards issued by Chase, small business cards are excluded at this time. For Chase Pay Over Time at checkout on Amazon.com, Amazon Visa and Prime Visa cards and Chase Mastercard credit cards are also excluded.

Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time Set Up After Purchase: Purchases of at least $100 are eligible, excluding certain transactions such as (a) cash-like transactions, (b) any fees owed to us, including Annual Membership Fees, and (c) purchases made under a separate promotion or special finance program. Eligible purchases will be identified within your transaction history on chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile App.

The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.

Mastercard, the silver circles design and World Elite Mastercard are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.

Chase Freedom Flex credit cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Offer subject to change.