Offer Details
Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply.
 
75,000 Bonus Avios After You Spend $5,000 On Purchases In The First 3 Months From Account Opening: This product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. To qualify and receive your bonus, you must make Purchases totaling $5,000 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus Avios to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. 

Earning in the Rewards Program: You’ll earn Avios points on purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds, made with an Iberia credit card by you or an authorized user of the account. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won’t count as a purchase and won’t earn Avios points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 3 Avios points: You’ll earn 3 Avios points for each $1 spent on flight purchases made directly with Iberia, British Airways, LEVEL, and Aer Lingus. 2 Avios points: You’ll earn 2 Avios points for each $1 spent on hotel accommodations when purchased directly with the hotel. 1 Avios point: You’ll earn 1 Avios point for each $1 spent on all other purchases. Information about earning/transferring Avios points to Iberia: Avios points earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to Iberia after the end of each billing cycle. Avios points expiration: Avios points will expire according to the Iberia Plus Program Terms and Conditions which include maintaining Iberia Plus program activity for 36 consecutive months. Losing Avios points: You’ll immediately lose all Avios points that haven’t been transferred to Iberia if your Iberia credit card account status changes, or your Iberia credit card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. For important information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window. For more information about the Iberia card rewards program, you can see the latest Rewards Program Agreement at chase.com/iberiacard/rewardsagreementOpens in a new window and it will also be available for cardmembers after logging in to chase.comOpens in a new window and will be mailed for new or changed accounts.

$1,000 Airfare Discount Voucher: Subject to Iberia flight availability. Taxes and fees apply to the full value of the ticket, including the $1,000 discount voucher. Iberia Plus terms and conditions apply. Cardmember must make $30,000 in purchases in a single calendar year on their Iberia Visa Card to receive a $1,000 discount voucher. Purchase transactions must post to your billing statement on or before December 31 of the calendar year in order to qualify for the $30,000 spend. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use the card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn Avios: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. The discount voucher will be in the form of a code that can be applied by a Cardmember for a discount of $1,000 when purchasing two tickets, for the same flights in the same class of travel. Cardmember is eligible for only one discount voucher each calendar year. The discount voucher will be issued after the billing cycle when Cardmember reaches $30,000 in purchases. Cardmember will receive a discount voucher email from Iberia 4-6 weeks later, and will not be eligible for another discount voucher until the next calendar year. The discount voucher email from Iberia will include a discount voucher code that must be redeemed online at www.iberia.com/Chase10Opens overlay. Once the discount voucher is issued, credits to the Iberia credit card account will not cause forfeiture of the discount voucher. The discount voucher is valid in conjunction with the Cardmember's paid two same flights on Iberia taken within 12 months of the date of issue. All discount vouchers will be issued in the name of the primary Cardmember who must travel on any booking where the discount voucher is used. The discount voucher is only valid if it has been acquired in accordance with the rules of this promotion. The discount voucher is not extendable, transferable and has no cash or Avios value. Companion must travel with the Cardmember on both the outbound and inbound journey and be booked at the same time for both directions. Discount vouchers may only be used for flights which are operated by Iberia. The discount voucher is not valid for flights operated by franchise, codeshare or alliance airlines. Additional restrictions may apply. Please visit iberia.com/Chase10Opens overlay for full terms and conditions. This offer is not from Chase, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is not responsible for the provision of or failure to provide the stated benefits and services.

10% Discount on Airfare: Valid only for new flight bookings with a valid Iberia Visa card issued by Chase, for travel commencing on Iberia from any destination. Discount is valid on the flight fare only and taxes, fees and carrier charges are excluded from the discount, on mainline flights operated by Iberia. Cardmember must travel to qualify for the 10% discount. To take part in this promotion, eligible participants must log in at iberia.com/Chase10Opens overlay to make a roundtrip booking. Offer is non-transferable and available on Iberia flights only, not valid for discounts or with any other promotions, unless otherwise stated. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfilment. 10% discount will appear on the availability page. Discount is not valid for flights on code share or franchise carriers. 10% discount on Iberia flights is valid for flight purchase only and does not apply to excess baggage fees, seat assignment fees, purchasing Avios for rewards or rewards fees. Roundtrip bookings are eligible for only one discount. All rules of purchased fare apply, including advance purchase, minimum stay, weekend-add-ons, and cancellation/refund rules. Other travel related restrictions may apply. Fares not purchased at iberia.com/Chase10Opens overlay do not qualify for discount. Discount applies for up to nine passengers booked on the same Iberia flight at the same time. Refunds from previously purchased fare types not permitted. Iberia standard booking terms and conditions including amendment and cancellation charges apply. All travel is subject to availability. Other significant restrictions may apply. Visit iberia.com/Chase10Opens overlay for full terms and conditions of fare rules. Offer is not from Chase. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is not responsible for the provision of or failure to provide the stated benefits and services.

Complimentary DashPass: When the membership is activated for the first time with Iberia Visa Signature® card between 02/01/2025 and 12/31/2027, you will receive 12 months of complimentary DashPass for use on both the DoorDash and Caviar applications during the same membership period based on the first activation date. After the complimentary DashPass membership period ends, you will continue to be enrolled and will be automatically charged the then-current monthly DashPass rate (plus applicable tax) for each membership activated until you cancel. You can cancel anytime on DoorDash or Caviar. The same log in credentials must be used on DoorDash and Caviar in order for the DashPass benefit to be used on both applications. To receive the membership benefits, the cardmember must first add their applicable Chase credit card as a default payment method on DoorDash or Caviar, and then click the activation button. Once enrolled in DashPass, you must use your Iberia Visa Signature® card for payment at checkout for DashPass-eligible orders to receive DashPass benefits. DashPass benefits apply only to eligible orders from DashPass-eligible merchants that meet the minimum subtotal requirement (as stated in the DoorDash and Caviar apps and sites with amounts subject to change). However, other fees (including service fee), taxes, and gratuity on orders may apply. Current value of the DashPass membership is as of 02/01/2025. DashPass orders are subject to delivery driver and geographic availability. Membership must be activated with a United States address. Payment through third-party payment accounts, or online or mobile digital wallets (like Apple Pay and Google Pay), or memberships purchased through third parties are excluded from this offer. If you product change to another Chase credit card during the promotional period, your benefits may change. You may experience a delay in updating your applicable benefits on DoorDash or Caviar; please note, once you product trade, the benefits from your previous credit card are no longer available for your use. You can only access the benefits available with your current credit card. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by DoorDash or Caviar are not within Chase’s control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash or Caviar benefits and services. Your applicable Chase credit card account must be open and not in default to maintain membership benefits. See full DoorDash terms and conditions at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens overlay.

Earn Up to $10 Off Quarterly on DoorDash Non-Restaurant Orders: Once you have activated your Iberia Visa Signature® card DashPass membership, you will receive a $10 off discount each calendar quarter at checkout on one qualifying non-restaurant order on DoorDash as long as you remain enrolled in a DashPass membership. Discount applies to subtotal only; does not apply to fees, taxes, and gratuity. Fees, taxes, and gratuity still apply. To claim, select the discount from the promotion wallet at checkout, or claim the discount when prompted in the DoorDash app or website. If the full $10 value is not used on a single order, the remaining value will be forfeited. You must use the card used to enroll in your Iberia Visa Signature® card DashPass membership as your payment method at order checkout to receive this discount. This discount may be combined with other order-level promotions, discounts, or deals. The quarterly discount will be made available to you in your DoorDash account at the beginning of each quarter and will only be available on that platform for the remainder of that calendar quarter; the quarterly discount will not roll over into a subsequent quarter. Once redeemed, the discount will not be refunded to the user regardless of whether the user otherwise receives a refund or credits back on their order. Not valid for the purchase of gift cards. Not valid on alcohol in some states. Limit one redemption per quarter per person. Valid in the U.S. only. Discount has no cash value and is non-transferable. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash benefits and services. Credit card product changes during the promotional period will forfeit this offer. Additional DoorDash promotional terms and conditions available at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens overlay.

Cardmembers Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time: Eligible cardmembers are those with access to Chase Pay Over Time who use a participating Chase credit card for eligible purchases. Access to Chase Pay Over Time is not guaranteed, is based on a variety of factors such as creditworthiness, credit limit and account behavior, and may change from time to time. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time After Purchase: Participating Chase credit cards include most consumer credit cards and select small business credit cards. For a complete list of participating Chase credit cards, see “Which Chase credit cards are eligible to use Chase Pay Over Time after a purchase is made” at chase.com/personal/credit-cards/chasepayovertime/faqs/after-purchaseOpens in a new window. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time at checkout on Amazon.com: Participating Chase credit cards include all credit cards except small business credit cards, Amazon Visa and Prime Visa cards, and Chase Mastercard credit cards.

Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time Set Up After Purchase: Purchases of at least $100 are eligible, excluding certain transactions such as (a) cash-like transactions, (b) any fees owed to us, including Annual Membership Fees, and (c) purchases made under a separate promotion or special finance program. Eligible purchases will be identified within your transaction history on chase.com or the Chase Mobile App. Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time at Checkout on Amazon.com: Orders totaling at least $50 of eligible items on Amazon.com are eligible. Amazon may designate any item as ineligible, such as Amazon Fresh, Whole Foods, Amazon Prime Now, 1-Click Purchases and Subscribe & Save. If your order includes a recurring subscription, then only the first month’s subscription fee will be eligible. If available for your account, the option to choose “financing offers available” will appear at checkout.

Avios Don’t Expire Program Requirements
Your Avios will not expire as long as you remain an active member in the Iberia Plus Program. You remain active by doing one or more of the following during any 36-month period: (a) have an eligible flight; (b) earn Avios by using an Iberia Visa Signature Credit Card for purchases (note that paying the credit card annual membership fee is not considered purchase activity); or (c) otherwise earn Avios in accordance with the Iberia Plus Program terms and conditions. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use the card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won’t count and won’t earn Avios: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. If you do not remain an active member, then Iberia Plus reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to close your Iberia Plus account without notice to you. In the event your Iberia Plus account is closed, all unredeemed Avios in your Iberia Plus account will be forfeited.

Amazon, the Amazon.com logo, the smile logo, and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.comOpens overlay, Inc. or its affiliates.

The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.

IBERIA PLUS PROGRAM
You must be a member of the Iberia Plus program. If you are not already a Member, you will be enrolled automatically if you are approved for the Iberia Visa card. Avios accumulated through the Iberia Visa card will be transferred to your Iberia Plus account; however, Avios reported on your monthly statement from Chase may not post into your Iberia Plus account if you change your Iberia Plus address to one outside of the US. Avios earned with the Iberia Visa card will not be credited toward Iberia Plus tier level progression or retention. For rules and regulations of the Iberia Plus program, please visit iberia.comOpens overlay. Redemption of Avios for travel is solely the responsibility of Iberia.

British Airways, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines®, Aer Lingus, Cathay Pacific, Finnair, Iberia, Japan Airlines, LEVEL, Malaysia Airlines, Qantas, Qatar Airways, Royal Jordanian, Royal Air Maroc, and S7 Airlines are trademarks of their respective companies.

Iberia Visa credit cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Offer subject to change.