Offer Details
Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply.

Credit Card and New Cardmember Offer Eligibility: This credit card is available to you if you do not currently have the Instacart Mastercard® and if you have not received a cash back new cardmember bonus from Chase for this card in the past 24 months. New cardmember bonus offers from Instacart are valid only once per Instacart account. If the Instacart account you are applying from already received any new cardmember bonus from Instacart, such as an Instacart Credit or free Instacart+ membership, the credit card is available to you but you will not be eligible for another new cardmember bonus from Instacart.

Instacart Credit: New cardmember bonus offers from Instacart are valid only once per Instacart account. If the Instacart account you are applying from already received any new cardmember bonus from Instacart, such as an Instacart Credit or free Instacart+ membership, the credit card is available to you but you will not be eligible for another new cardmember bonus from Instacart. The Instacart credit will automatically be applied to your Instacart account upon approval. If the Instacart account from which you are applying previously received an Instacart credit upon approval for the Instacart Mastercard, you will not be eligible for the Instacart credit offer. In most instances, your credit will be available immediately upon approval of your application for the Instacart Mastercard credit card (the "Card"); however, in some cases it may take up to 10 days. The Instacart credit cannot be applied towards restaurant orders on Instacart powered by Uber Eats, alcohol products, gift cards, prescriptions, or any fees, taxes, and/or tips that may apply. Use of this Instacart credit offer is subject to the Terms of Service of Instacart. This Instacart credit offer is valid only in the United States and can only be used with one Instacart account. This Instacart credit may not be sold, copied, modified, or transferred, reloaded, or redeemed for cash, except to the extent required by law. This Instacart credit offer has no cash value. Instacart reserves the right to void offers (including any component thereof), close customer accounts, and bill alternative forms of payment if Instacart suspects that an offer is obtained, used, or applied to an Instacart account fraudulently, unlawfully, or otherwise in violation of these terms and Instacart's Terms of Service. Instacart is not a retailer or seller. Instacart services may not be available in all zip codes. The remaining balance of a used Instacart credit offer may be checked in the Instacart account it is used with or via Instacart Community Support. Void where restricted or prohibited by law. This offer is issued by Maplebear Inc. dba Instacart. The value of this offer or program may result in miscellaneous income received from Chase and we may be required to send you, and file with the IRS, a Form 1099-MISC (Miscellaneous Information) or Form 1042-S (Foreign Person's U.S. Source Income Subject to Withholding) for the year in which you participate and are awarded the benefits of the offer/program. You are responsible for any tax liability related to participating in the offer/program. Please consult your own tax advisor if you have any questions about how this could affect your taxes. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, Instacart benefits and services. Your eligible credit card account must be open and not in default in order for this offer to be available to you.

Earning in the Rewards Program: "Cash Back rewards" are the rewards you earn under the program. Cash Back rewards are tracked as points and each $1 in Cash Back rewards earned is equal to 100 points. How you can earn points: You'll earn points on purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds, made with an Instacart Mastercard credit card by you or an authorized user of the account; however, the following types of transactions won't count as purchases and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 5% Cash Back: Until April 29, 2025, you'll earn 5% Cash Back rewards for each $1 spent on qualifying purchases made using your card directly through Instacart.com or the Instacart mobile app including Instacart memberships and subscriptions. Starting April 30, 2025, you'll earn 5% Cash Back rewards total for each $1 of the first $6,000 spent annually on qualifying purchases made using your card directly through Instacart.com or the Instacart mobile app including Instacart memberships and subscriptions (4% additional Cash Back rewards on up to $6,000 spent annually on top of the 1% Cash Back rewards earned on all qualifying Instacart purchases). After $6,000 is spent on qualifying Instacart purchases annually, you go back to earning 1% Cash Back rewards for each $1 spent, with no maximum. "Annually" means April 30, 2025 through your first December statement cycle date of 2025. Starting in 2026, "annually" means the 12 billing cycles starting after your December statement cycle date from prior year through the following December statement cycle date each year. For a list of purchases that do not qualify to earn 5% Cash Back rewards for each $1 spent using your card directly through Instacart, go to instacart.com/InstacartMastercardOpens overlay. 5% Cash Back on Chase Travel: You'll earn 5% Cash Back rewards for each $1 spent on purchases made using your card through Chase Travel. 2% Cash Back: You'll earn 2% Cash Back rewards for each $1 spent on purchases in the following rewards categories: gas stations; dining at restaurants including restaurant orders on Instacart powered by Uber Eats, takeout and eligible delivery services; select streaming services. 1% Cash Back: You'll earn 1% Cash Back rewards for each $1 spent on all other purchases. How you can use your points: You can use your points to redeem for any available reward options, which may include eligible purchases on Instacart.com or the Instacart mobile app, cash, gift cards, travel, and for products or services made available through the program or directly from third parties. Redemption values for reward options may vary. Points expiration/losing points: Your points don't expire as long as your account remains open, however, you will immediately lose all your points if your account status changes, or your account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. For important information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window. For more information about the Instacart Mastercard rewards program, you can see the latest Rewards Program Agreement at chase.com/instacart/rewardsagreementOpens in a new window and it will also be available for cardmembers after logging in to chase.comOpens in a new window and will be mailed for new or changed accounts.

Pay with Points: For Pay with Points to be available, your Instacart Mastercard must be selected as your payment method. When you Pay with Points, each point is worth $.01 (one cent), meaning 100 points equals $1 in redemption value. There is no minimum points balance to redeem. If you don't use points to pay for your entire order, you must use your Instacart Mastercard and/or Instacart credits to cover the remaining balance. You can't use Pay with Points to pay for restaurant orders on Instacart powered by Uber Eats, Instacart gift cards, Instacart+ membership, alcohol, or prescription orders. Additional exclusions may apply. For valid returns or cancellations of any kind, your points will not be refunded. Points will be returned to you as an Instacart credit, redeemable only in the Instacart app or at Instacart.com. An additional temporary authorization hold will be applied to your Instacart Mastercard to account for potential changes in the final total due to special requests, added items, items replaced at a different price, and the actual weight of items. Your statement will reflect the final order total after order completion. You can't Pay with Points for orders outside of the United States.

Cardmembers Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time: Eligible cardmembers are those with access to Chase Pay Over Time who use a participating Chase credit card for eligible purchases. Access to Chase Pay Over Time is not guaranteed, is based on a variety of factors such as creditworthiness, credit limit and account behavior, and may change from time to time. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time After Purchase: Participating Chase credit cards include most consumer credit cards and select small business credit cards. For a complete list of participating Chase credit cards, see "Which Chase credit cards are eligible to use Chase Pay Over Time after a purchase is made" at chase.com/personal/credit-cards/chasepayovertime/faqs/after-purchaseOpens in a new window. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time at checkout on Amazon.com: Participating Chase credit cards include all credit cards except small business credit cards, Amazon Visa and Prime Visa cards, and Chase Mastercard credit cards.

Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time Set Up After Purchase: Purchases of at least $100 are eligible, excluding certain transactions such as (a) cash-like transactions, (b) any fees owed to us, including Annual Membership Fees, and (c) purchases made under a separate promotion or special finance program. Eligible purchases will be identified within your transaction history on chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile App. 

INSTACART®, the Instacart Carrot logo, the Instacart Partial Carrot logo, and the Instacart Carrot Top logo are trademarks of Maplebear Inc., d/b/a Instacart. Instacart may not be available in all zip or post codes. See Instacart Terms of Service for more details.

Mastercard, the circles design, World Mastercard and World Elite Mastercard are trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.

Instacart Mastercard credit cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Offer subject to change.