Offer Details
Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply.
This credit card is not available to you if (1) you currently have any of the following cards or (2) you received a new cardmember bonus for any of the following cards within the last 24 months: Marriott Bonvoy® Premier credit card, Marriott Rewards® Premier credit card, Marriott Bonvoy Boundless® credit card, Marriott Rewards® Premier Plus credit card, Marriott Bonvoy Bold® credit card.

The new cardmember bonus is not available to you if (1) you currently have or had any of the following cards within the last 30 days: Marriott Bonvoy® American Express® Card, The Starwood Preferred Guest® Credit Card from American Express; or if (2) you applied and were approved for any of the following cards within the last 90 days or (3) received a new cardmember bonus or upgrade bonus for any of the following cards within the last 24 months: Marriott Bonvoy Business® American Express® Card, Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit Card from American Express, Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant® American Express® Card, Starwood Preferred Guest® American Express Luxury Card, Marriott Bonvoy Bevy™ American Express® Card.

125,000 Bonus Points After You Spend $3,000 On Purchases In The First 3 Months From Account Opening: New cardmember bonus: To qualify and receive your bonus, you must make Purchases totaling $3,000 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow up to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your Marriott Bonvoy® account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. If your account is not open for at least 6 months, Marriott and Chase reserve the right to deduct the bonus points from your Marriott Bonvoy account.

1 Free Night Award After You Spend $3,000 On Purchases In The First 3 Months From Account Opening:
New cardmember bonus: To qualify and receive 1 Free Night Award you must make purchases totaling $3,000 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. Each Free Night Award is valid for a one night hotel stay at a property with a redemption level up to 50,000 points. You are responsible for all incidental charges such as parking fees, and payment of mandatory resort fees at properties where resort fees are charged. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a Marriott Bonvoy® credit card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. After qualifying, please allow up to 8 weeks for your 1 Free Night Award to be deposited into your Marriott Bonvoy account. Your Free Night Award may not be combined with cash when redeeming for your free night but may be combined with Marriott Bonvoy points in accordance with the Marriott Bonvoy Terms and Conditions located at marriottbonvoy.com/terms. Your Free Night Award may not be transferred, extended beyond expiration date, or re-credited for points. Each Free Night Award issued will have an expiration of 12 months. If your account is not open for at least 6 months, Marriott and Chase reserve the right to deduct the 1 Free Night Award from your Marriott Bonvoy account.

Up to $100 Airline Credits for Marriott Bonvoy Boundless credit cards: Existing Cardmembers: Existing eligible cardmembers (cardmember by 1/7/2026) must complete a one-time activation through https://www.chase.com/mybonus/marriott-airline-credit-cOpens in a new window or by calling the phone number on the back of your card. A $50 statement credit will be automatically applied to your account when you spend $250 or more on eligible purchases made directly with airlines from January 1, 2026 through June 30, 2026. A second $50 statement credit will be automatically applied to your account when you spend another $250 or more on eligible purchases made directly with airlines from July 1, 2026 through December 31, 2026, for a total maximum accumulation of $100 in statement credits through 12/31/2026. New Cardmembers: New cardmembers who apply between 6/4/2026 and 12/31/2026 will be automatically registered for this offer upon card activation. A $50 statement credit will be automatically applied to your account when you spend $250 or more on eligible purchases made directly with airlines from June 4, 2026 through December 31, 2026. A second $50 statement credit will be automatically applied to your account when you spend another $250 or more on eligible purchases made directly with airlines from January 1, 2027 through June 30, 2027, for a total maximum accumulation of $100 in statement credits through 6/30/2027. For important information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services; however, the following types of transactions won’t count as a purchase: balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions; lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions; person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. To qualify for this statement credit bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. If you product change into another Chase Marriott Bonvoy Credit Card, you will not be eligible for this offer. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks for statement credit(s) to appear on your monthly credit card billing statement. We may reverse statement credits if an eligible purchase is returned, canceled, or modified or if you close your account within 90 days of receiving a statement credit. Purchases posted to your account with a transaction date during the promotional period are eligible for this offer. Delays by the merchant could extend the transaction date beyond the offer period, rendering the purchase ineligible for the offer. All Marriott Bonvoy terms and conditions apply, available at https://www.marriott.com/loyalty/terms/default.miOpens overlay. Offer is not transferable. Chase and Marriott Bonvoy reserve the right, in their sole discretion, to prevent, cancel, reconcile, or otherwise refuse to honor any transaction related to this statement credit offer if they suspect there has been fraudulent activity related to the transaction. 

Earning in the Rewards Program: You'll earn points on purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds, made with a Marriott Bonvoy® credit card by you or an authorized user of the account; however, the following types of transactions won't count as purchases and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 6 points ("6X points"): You'll earn 6 points for each $1 spent on qualifying purchases made at hotels participating in Marriott Bonvoy®. Go to marriottbonvoy.com/aboutOpens overlay for a list of hotels participating in Marriott Bonvoy. You will only receive the accelerated earn of 6 points for each $1 spent from the credit card program. Additional points received under the Marriott Bonvoy program for stays at hotels participating in Marriott Bonvoy will be earned in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Marriott Bonvoy program. Marriott Bonvoy is responsible for ensuring all hotels participating in Marriott Bonvoy are correctly reported to Chase for earn on Marriott Bonvoy credit card purchases. 3 points ("3X points"): You'll earn 3 points total for each $1 of the first $6,000 spent annually on combined purchases in the following rewards categories: gas stations; grocery stores; dining at restaurants including takeout and eligible delivery services (1 additional point on top of the 2 points per $1 earned on each purchase as described below). After $6,000 is spent on combined purchases in these categories annually, you go back to earning 2 points for each $1 spent, with no maximum. "Annually" means the year beginning with your account open date through the first December statement cycle date of that same year, and the 12 billing cycles starting after your December statement cycle date through the following December statement cycle date each year. 2 points ("2X points"): You'll earn 2 points for each $1 spent on all other purchases. Information about earning/transferring points to Marriott Bonvoy: Points earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to Marriott Bonvoy after the end of each billing cycle. Points expiration: The points transferred to your Marriott Bonvoy account won't expire as long as there is card earning activity or other qualifying earning or redemption activity every 24 months. If your card account is closed, you'll lose the points in your Marriott Bonvoy account if you don't have any other qualifying earning or redemption activity every 24 months. For details on this points expiration policy, visit marriottbonvoy.com/terms. Losing points: You'll immediately lose all points that haven't been transferred to Marriott Bonvoy if your card account status changes, or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. All Marriott Bonvoy terms and conditions apply, available at marriottbonvoy.com/terms. For important information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window. For more information about the Marriott Bonvoy Boundless® card rewards program, you can see the latest Rewards Program Agreement at chase.com/marriottboundlesscard/rewardsagreementOpens in a new window and it will also be available for cardmembers after logging in to chase.comOpens in a new window and will be mailed for new or changed accounts.

Earning Points from Marriott Bonvoy: Marriott Bonvoy® members earn 10 Marriott Bonvoy base points and Silver Elite members earn an additional 1 point per $1 spent (10% bonus) on qualifying charges at all hotels which participate in Marriott Bonvoy, except (i) at Apartments by Marriott Bonvoy, Marriott Executive Apartments, Protea Hotels by Marriott, City Express by Marriott, Four Points Flex by Sheraton, Series by Marriott, Element, Residence Inn, TownePlace Suites and Homes & Villas by Marriott Bonvoy, where members earn 5 base points and Silver Elite members earn an additional 0.5 point per $1 spent (10% bonus) on qualifying charges (on qualifying rates only for Marriott Executive Apartments); and (ii) at StudioRes, where members earn 4 base points per $1 spent on qualifying charges. Elite members will not earn Elite Bonus Points on StudioRes stays. Refer to the Marriott Bonvoy program terms and conditions (https://www.marriott.com/loyalty/terms/default.miOpens overlay) for more information about qualifying rates. The amount of Elite bonus points a member earns will vary by Elite Membership level and is calculated based on base points earned during a stay. Stays must be booked on a direct Marriott booking channel such as Marriott.comOpens overlay in order to qualify for the additional points. Points earned with your Marriott Bonvoy membership and Elite status will post directly to your Marriott Bonvoy account and will not appear on your Chase credit card statement. See marriottbonvoy.com/terms for complete terms and conditions of the Marriott Bonvoy program, including information about qualifying charges.

Anniversary Free Night Award: Please allow up to 8 weeks from your account anniversary date for your Anniversary Free Night Award to be automatically deposited in to your Marriott Bonvoy® Account. Account anniversary date is the date that is twelve months after your account open date, and the same date each twelve months thereafter. Your Anniversary Free Night Award is valid for a one night hotel stay at a property with a redemption level up to 35,000 points. You are responsible for all incidental charges such as parking fees, and payment of mandatory resort fees at properties where resort fees are charged. For the list of participating hotels where you can redeem the 35,000 points, log on to redeem.marriottbonvoy.com/hotelsOpens Overlay or call the Marriott Bonvoy number on the back of your card. Your Free Night Award may not be combined with cash when redeeming for your free night but may be combined with Marriott Bonvoy points in accordance with the Marriott Bonvoy Terms and Conditions located at marriottbonvoy.com/terms. Your Free Night Award may not be transferred, extended beyond expiration date, or re-credited for points. Each Anniversary Free Night Award issued will have an expiration of 12 months. To qualify for the Anniversary Free Night Award, your account must be open and not in default on your account anniversary date. Offer and Anniversary Free Night rules and regulations are subject to change. Chase is not responsible for offer fulfillment. Annual fee applies. For pricing details, please see Pricing & TermsOpens pricing and terms in new window.

Automatic Silver Elite Status: You will automatically receive Silver Elite Status each calendar year as a cardmember. Please allow up to 8 weeks from account open date for your initial Silver Elite Status award to be applied to your Marriott Bonvoy® account. To qualify for and maintain Silver Elite Status your account must be open and not in default. If you do not qualify for Silver Elite status as a cardmember, in order to receive Silver Elite benefits you must qualify for Silver Elite Status under the terms of the Marriott Bonvoy program. Only one Marriott Bonvoy Credit Card account per Marriott Bonvoy member (Marriott Bonvoy member must be the primary cardmember on that account), is eligible for the Silver Elite Status award. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is not responsible for offer fulfillment or the provision of or failure to provide the Silver Elite benefits and services.

Marriott Bonvoy Credit Card from Chase Elite Night Credits: 15 Elite Night Credits ("ENC") will be deposited into your Marriott Bonvoy® Member Account within 60 days upon opening your Marriott Bonvoy Credit Card from Chase®. If you have already received the annual Elite Night Credits ("Annual ENC") benefit associated with a Marriott Bonvoy consumer card, regardless of bank issuer, you will only receive a deposit equal to the difference between the Annual ENC benefits to total the number of ENCs associated with the card that offers the highest number of ENCs, if applicable. On or before March 1 of each subsequent calendar year, the Annual ENC benefit will be deposited into your Marriott Bonvoy Member Account operated by Marriott International, Inc., in accordance with Marriott Bonvoy terms and conditionsOpens Overlay. To be eligible to receive the 15 ENCs associated with the Annual ENC benefit from your Marriott Bonvoy Credit Card from Chase you must be the Primary Cardmember, your Card Account must be open at the time of the deposit, and you must have an active Marriott Bonvoy Member Account linked to your Card account. This benefit is not exclusive to Cards offered by Chase. You can only receive the Annual ENC benefit associated with one eligible Marriott Bonvoy consumer card per year, regardless of the number of Marriott Bonvoy cards that are linked with a Marriott Bonvoy Member Account and regardless of bank issuer. If your Marriott Bonvoy Member Account is linked to more than one open Marriott Bonvoy consumer card that offers the Annual ENC benefit, you will only receive the Annual ENC benefit associated with the card that offers the highest number of ENCs. If you have both an open Marriott Bonvoy consumer card account and an open Marriott Bonvoy business card account that each offer the Annual ENC benefit, then you will receive an Annual ENC benefit for each, for a total of two Annual ENC benefits per Marriott Bonvoy Member Account per year. If you have more than one Marriott Bonvoy Member Account that has received the Annual ENC benefit and you merge accounts, you will retain only the ENCs associated with one eligible Marriott Bonvoy consumer card that offers the highest number of ENCs as a benefit; and, if applicable, the ENCs from one eligible Marriott Bonvoy business card that offers the highest number of ENCs as a benefit. Separate promotional offers of ENCs will not count toward the per-Account maximum but may have their own limits; see promotional terms at time of offer. Chase is not responsible for offer fulfillment or the provision of or failure to provide the stated benefits and services.

1 Elite Credit for Every $5,000 Spent: You will earn 1 Elite night credit for each $5,000 in Purchases. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. We have the right to determine which purchases qualify for this offer. We reserve the right to change or end this offer at any time. There is no limit to the number of Elite nights that you can earn. Please allow up to 8 weeks for Elite nights to be credited to your Marriott Bonvoy® account from the last day of each calendar month you qualify. To qualify for the Elite nights, your account must be open and not in default at the time of processing and fulfillment. Chase is not responsible for offer fulfillment or the provision of or failure to provide the stated benefits and services.

Path to Gold Status: The time period for you to spend $35,000 to earn Gold Elite Status will run from January 1 through December 31 of each calendar year. On January 1 of each calendar year, the calculation resets to zero and you must qualify again in the next calendar year. Purchases made towards the end of a calendar year may not be posted to your account until the next calendar year and will therefore be included in the calculation for that calendar year. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use the card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. Please allow up to 8 weeks after qualifying for the Gold Elite Status award to be applied to your Marriott Bonvoy® account. To qualify for and maintain Gold Elite Status your account must be open and not in default. If you do not qualify for this bonus offer, in order to receive Gold Elite benefits you must qualify for Gold Elite Status under the terms of the Marriott Bonvoy program. Only one Marriott Bonvoy Boundless® Credit Card account per Marriott Bonvoy member (Marriott Bonvoy member must be the primary cardmember on that account) is eligible for the Gold Elite Status award. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is not responsible for offer fulfillment or the provision of or failure to provide the Gold Elite benefits and services.

Concierge Service: Cardmembers are responsible for the cost of any goods or services purchased through Visa Signature Concierge.

Complimentary DashPass: When the membership is activated for the first time with a Chase Marriott Bonvoy Boundless® Credit Card between 02/01/2025 and 12/31/2027, you will receive 12 months of complimentary DashPass for use on both the DoorDash and Caviar applications during the same membership period based on the first activation date. After the complimentary DashPass membership period ends, you will continue to be enrolled and will be automatically charged the then-current monthly DashPass rate (plus applicable tax) on a recurring monthly basis for each membership activated until you cancel. You can cancel anytime on DoorDash or Caviar. The same log in credentials must be used on DoorDash and Caviar in order for the DashPass benefit to be used on both applications. To receive the membership benefits, the cardmember must first add their applicable Chase credit card as a default payment method on DoorDash or Caviar, and then click the activation button. Once enrolled in DashPass, you must use your Chase Marriott Bonvoy Boundless® Credit Card for payment at checkout for DashPass-eligible orders to receive DashPass benefits. DashPass benefits apply only to eligible orders from DashPass-eligible merchants that meet the minimum subtotal requirement (as stated in the DoorDash and Caviar apps and sites with amounts subject to change). However, other fees (including service fee), taxes, and gratuity on orders may apply. Current value of the DashPass membership is as of 02/01/2025. DashPass orders are subject to delivery driver and geographic availability. Membership must be activated with a United States address. Payment through third-party payment accounts, or online or mobile digital wallets (like Apple Pay and Google Pay), or memberships purchased through third parties are excluded from this offer. If you product change to another Chase credit card during the promotional period, your benefits may change. You may experience a delay in updating your applicable benefits on DoorDash or Caviar; please note, once you product trade, the benefits from your previous credit card are no longer available for your use. You can only access the benefits available with your current credit card. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by DoorDash or Caviar are not within Chase's control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash or Caviar benefits and services. Your applicable Chase credit card account must be open and not in default to maintain membership benefits. See full DoorDash terms and conditions at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_US.

Earn Up to $10 Off Quarterly on DoorDash Non-Restaurant Orders: Once you have activated your Chase Marriott Bonvoy Boundless® Credit Card DashPass membership, you will receive a $10 off discount each calendar quarter at checkout on one qualifying non-restaurant order on DoorDash as long as you remain enrolled in a DashPass membership. Discount applies to subtotal only; does not apply to fees, taxes, and gratuity. Fees, taxes, and gratuity still apply. To claim, select the discount from the promotion wallet at checkout, or claim the discount when prompted in the DoorDash app or website. If the full $10 value is not used on a single order, the remaining value will be forfeited. You must use the card used to enroll in your Chase Marriott Bonvoy Boundless® Credit Card DashPass membership as your payment method at order checkout to receive this discount. This discount may be combined with other order-level promotions, discounts, or deals. The quarterly discount will be made available to you in your DoorDash account at the beginning of each quarter and will only be available on that platform for the remainder of that calendar quarter; the quarterly discount will not roll over into a subsequent quarter. Once redeemed, the discount will not be refunded to the user regardless of whether the user otherwise receives a refund or credits back on their order. Not valid for the purchase of gift cards. Not valid on alcohol in some states. Limit one redemption per quarter per person. Valid in the U.S. only. Discount has no cash value and is non-transferable. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash benefits and services. Credit card product changes during the promotional period will forfeit this offer. Additional DoorDash promotional terms and conditions available at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_US.

All deliveries subject to availability. Must have or create a valid DoorDash account. Qualifying orders containing alcohol will be charged a $0.01 Delivery Fee. No cash value. Non-transferable. See full terms and conditions at: help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions.

Cardmembers Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time: Eligible cardmembers are those with access to Chase Pay Over Time who use a participating Chase credit card for eligible purchases. Access to Chase Pay Over Time is not guaranteed, is based on a variety of factors such as creditworthiness, credit limit and account behavior, and may change from time to time. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time After Purchase: Participating Chase credit cards include most consumer credit cards and select small business credit cards. For a complete list of participating Chase credit cards, see "Which Chase credit cards are eligible to use Chase Pay Over Time after a purchase is made" at chase.com/personal/credit-cards/chasepayovertime/faqs/after-purchaseOpens in a new window. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time at checkout on Amazon.com: Participating Chase credit cards include all credit cards except small business credit cards, Amazon Visa and Prime Visa cards, and Chase Mastercard credit cards.

Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time Set Up After Purchase: Purchases of at least $100 are eligible, excluding certain transactions such as (a) cash-like transactions, (b) any fees owed to us, including Annual Membership Fees, and (c) purchases made under a separate promotion or special finance program. Eligible purchases will be identified within your transaction history on chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile App. Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time at Checkout on Amazon.com: Orders totaling at least $50 of eligible items on Amazon.com are eligible. Amazon may designate any item as ineligible, such as Amazon Fresh, Whole Foods, Amazon Prime Now, 1-Click Purchases and Subscribe & Save. If your order includes a recurring subscription, then only the first month’s subscription fee will be eligible. If available for your account, the option to choose “financing offers available” will appear at checkout.

You agree that when you apply for a Marriott Bonvoy® credit card and for as long as you maintain an open account, your relationship with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC, or other credit card issuers of Marriott International, Inc. may be disclosed to other Marriott Bonvoy credit card issuers.

The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.

MARRIOTT BONVOY® PROGRAM INFORMATION
Points accrued and awards issued are subject to the terms and conditions of the Marriott Bonvoy® program. Click here, marriottbonvoy.com/terms, for complete terms and conditions of the Marriott Bonvoy program, including all redemption values, or refer to marriottbonvoy.comOpens Overlay. Terms and conditions of the Marriott Bonvoy program may be modified and services and benefits may be added or deleted at any time without notice to Cardmembers. Individuals whose request for a credit card are not approved will not be enrolled in the Marriott Bonvoy program through this offer, although existing Marriott Bonvoy memberships will not be affected. Additional authorized users will not be enrolled in the Marriott Bonvoy program as a result of this offer. Marriott Bonvoy points awarded through the use of the authorized user's card will only be credited to the Primary Cardmember's Marriott Bonvoy account.

Marriott Bonvoy Boundless® credit cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Offer subject to change.