Offer Details
Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply.

This credit card is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months.

New Cardmember Bonus – 60,000 Miles: To qualify, you must make $4,000 in purchases during the first 3 months from account opening. After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus to post to your United MileagePlus account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, your credit card account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services. However, the following types of transactions won't count as purchases: balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions; lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions; person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. These miles do not count toward Premier status. If your account is not open for at least six months, United and Chase reserve the right to deduct the bonus miles from your MileagePlus account.

500 Additional Premier Qualifying Points (PQP): The primary Cardmember will earn 500 Premier Qualifying Points (PQP) after you make Purchases totaling $4,000 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6-8 weeks for these PQP to post to your account. Promotional PQP will post directly to your United MileagePlus account and will not appear on your credit card statement. The promotional 500 PQP do not count toward the 18,000 calendar year maximum PQP Cardmembers can earn for net purchases. PQP will apply toward Premier status tiers up to and including Premier 1K®. Qualification requirements for Premier status may vary by MileagePlus program year. To be eligible for this offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the PQP stated in this offer.

10,000 Bonus Miles After You Add An Authorized User In The First 3 Months From Account Opening:
This product is not available to either (i) current Cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous Cardmembers of this credit card who received a new Cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. With this bonus offer, you will qualify and receive 10,000 bonus miles after your addition of an authorized user to your account during the first 3 months from account opening. 10,000 bonus miles will only be awarded once, for the first authorized user added to your account regardless of how many total authorized users you add to your account. After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus miles to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default, and authorized user must be on your account at the time of fulfillment. These miles do not count toward Premier status. If your account is not open for at least 6 months, United and Chase reserve the right to deduct the bonus miles from your MileagePlus Program account. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the 10,000 bonus miles, which will post directly to your MileagePlus account and not appear on your credit card statement.

Adding Authorized Users: All correspondence, including credit cards, statements, and notifications will be sent to the name and address on file for the primary cardmember. The primary cardmember is responsible for repaying all balances on this account. Authorized users will have the same charging privileges as the primary cardmember but will not be financially responsible. Chase provides account information to the credit reporting agencies for all account users. This information could impact an authorized user's credit score. When you tell us to add a user to your account, you're confirming that you have a relationship with the person or people whose name(s), address(es), and date(s) of birth you've told us, that all their information is correct, and that you have their consent to add them. If Chase determines you've given us fraudulent name, address, or date of birth information or did not have such consent, Chase can close this account.

Earning in the Rewards Program: You'll earn miles on purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds, made with a UnitedSM credit card by you or an authorized user of the account; however, the following types of transactions won't count as purchases and won't earn miles: balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions; lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions; person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 1 mile: You'll earn 1 mile for each $1 spent. 2 miles: You'll earn 2 miles total for each $1 spent (1 additional mile on top of the 1 mile per $1 earned on each purchase) in the following rewards categories: dining at restaurants including takeout and eligible delivery services; select streaming services; travel (excluding United purchases that qualify for 4 miles as described). 4 miles: You'll earn 4 miles total for each $1 spent (3 additional miles on top of the 1 mile per $1 earned on each purchase) on airline tickets purchased from United, and on the following purchases made from United: seat upgrades; Economy Plus®; inflight food, beverages and Wi-Fi; baggage service charges or other United fees. You'll also earn 4 miles total for each $1 spent on purchases of United Card Events from Chase. Other United related purchases, such as United Cruises®, United MileagePlus X, DIRECTV® and Merchandise Awards, are excluded. United tickets booked through some discount travel websites or as part of a third-party travel package will also not qualify. 5 miles: You'll earn 5 miles total for each $1 spent (3 additional miles on top of the 2 miles total per $1 earned in the travel category as described) on hotel accommodation purchases made using your card with Renowned Hotels and Resorts for United® Cardmembers through Chase Travel. Renowned Hotels and Resorts purchases made using your card through FROSCH by Chase Travel, Valerie Wilson Travel by Chase Travel, or Frosch International Travel LLC will not qualify to earn 5 miles total for each $1 spent. Information about earning/transferring miles to United: Miles earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to United after the end of each billing cycle. Losing miles: You'll immediately lose all miles that haven't been transferred to United if your card account status changes, or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. For important information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window. For more information about the United QuestSM Card rewards program, you can see the latest Rewards Program Agreement at https://www.chase.com/unitedquestcard/rewardsagreementOpens in a new window and it will also be available for cardmembers after logging in to chase.comOpens in a new window and will be mailed for new or changed accounts.

Earning miles from United on United flights and United Hotels: Miles earned on United flights and United Hotels purchased directly from United are earned on the fare and are subject to exclusions. The fare is the base fare of the ticket plus carrier-imposed surcharges or the base fare of the hotel accommodation, excluding any government-imposed taxes and surcharges. Mileage earning differs for Basic Economy or base option tickets and companions traveling on the same reservation. For details see united.com/FlightEarnOpens overlay. For details on earning miles from United on United Hotels, see united.com/UnitedHotelsTermsOpens overlay. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, miles earned from United under the MileagePlus program. Miles will post directly to your United MileagePlus account and will not appear on your credit card statement. Miles earned from United under the MileagePlus program for United flight and United Hotels purchases will be earned in accordance with the rules of the MileagePlus program. For details see united.com/mprulesOpens overlay.

Award Flight Pricing: Eligible primary Cardmembers will be eligible to book award flights on United® or United® Express with discounted award pricing. Cardmember award pricing is valid on award flights on United or United Express only; Cardmember award pricing does not apply to Money + Miles tickets, tickets purchased with cash, or other redemption products. Eligible primary Cardmembers without MileagePlus Premier status will be eligible to book award flights on United or United Express with at least 10% fewer miles than the base price paid by members without an eligible card, and Primary Cardmembers with MileagePlus Premier status will be eligible to book award flights on United or United Express with at least 15% fewer miles than the base price paid by members without an eligible card. To be eligible to receive Cardmember award pricing, the account must be open and not in default at time of fulfillment. To receive Award Pricing, the qualifying award reservation must be booked with the primary Cardmember's MileagePlus account. Cardmember award pricing is valid for the primary Cardmember's MileagePlus account only and is not transferrable. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the Cardmember award pricing on United or United Express flights. The benefit may take up to 5 weeks to become effective after the card is issued.

Free Checked Bags: The primary Cardmember and one traveling companion on the same reservation are each eligible to receive their first and second standard checked bags free; authorized users are only eligible if they are on the same reservation as the primary Cardmember. To receive first and second standard checked bags free, the primary Cardmember must use their United QuestSM Card to purchase their ticket(s) (this purchase requirement is waived for flights completed during the 90 days following the account open date) and include their MileagePlus® number in their reservation. First and second standard checked bags free is only available on United- and United Express-operated flights; codeshare partner- operated flights are not eligible. Service charges for oversized, overweight and extra baggage may apply. Cardmembers who are already exempt from other checked baggage service charges will not receive additional free standard checked bags. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits. Please allow 2 weeks after account opening for your first and second free standard checked bags to be available on eligible United reservations. Please visit united.com/ChaseBagOpens overlay for details.

10,000 mile anniversary award flight discount: A 10,000-mile award flight discount that can be used on eligible award travel on a United®- or United Express®-operated flight will be deposited into the primary Cardmember's MileagePlus Program account within 4 weeks after each United QuestSM Card Cardmember anniversary ("Anniversary" is the date that is twelve months after United QuestSM credit card account open date, and the same date each twelve months thereafter). Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits and services. Award flight discounts will post directly to your MileagePlus account and will not appear on your credit card statement.

Earn 10,000-mile award flight discount: Spend $20,000 with your United QuestSM Card on Purchases in a calendar year and earn one 10,000-mile award flight discount that can be used on eligible award travel on a United®- or United Express®-operated flight. There is a limit of up to one (1) 10,000-mile award flight discount that may be accrued per eligible United QuestSM Card cardmember on up to a maximum of $20,000 in net purchases per calendar year. The award flight discount will be deposited into your MileagePlus account within 6 to 8 weeks after meeting the spend requirement. "Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, traveler's checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, racetrack wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, or fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. Returns and refunds will be deducted from your purchases amount. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits and services. Award flight discount will post directly to your MileagePlus account and will not appear on your credit card statement.

Earning Award Flight Discounts: Award flight discounts have no mile value until applied. Award flight discounts can be applied to eligible award travel as long as greater than 10,000 miles are redeemed and are a discount on award travel flights mileage price. To qualify as eligible award travel, the award ticket must have at least one (1) segment booked on United® or United Express® and reservation must be made prior to the expiration date of the credit. Unused award flight discounts may not be combined, transferred, extended beyond expiration date, or re-credited for miles. Flight purchases made with Money + Miles do not qualify for applying award flight discount. Each unused award flight discount will expire 12 months after date of issue. To qualify and earn your award flight discount, your account must be open and in good standing at time of fulfillment. If your credit card account is closed at any time or you move to a different United card, United and Chase reserve the right to remove the unused award flight discounts from your MileagePlus Program account. Offer and award flight credit rules and regulations are subject to change. Taxes and fees related to award travel are the responsibility of the passenger.

Earn 2 global Economy Plus® seat upgrades: The Primary Cardmember will earn 2 credits that can be redeemed to upgrade an Economy seat on an eligible global flight to an Economy Plus seat after making Purchases totaling $40,000 or more in a calendar year with your United QuestSM Card. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6-8 weeks for the Economy Plus upgrade certificates to post to your account. To receive Economy Plus upgrades, the primary cardmember must use their United QuestSM Card to purchase their ticket(s) and include their MileagePlus® number in their reservation. Economy Plus Upgrades are valid for Primary Cardmember only and are not transferable. Economy Plus upgrades must be used within 12 months from the issue date. The upgrades are valid for Economy Plus seating (when available) on United and United Express flights. To be eligible to earn Economy Plus upgrades, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the Economy Plus upgrades. To see details, visit United.com/EconomyPlusOpens overlay.

Earn Premier Qualifying Points (PQP): The primary Cardmember will earn 1 Premier Qualifying Point (PQP) for every $20 in net purchases (including purchases made by authorized users) up to a maximum of 18,000 PQP within the calendar year. "Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. PQP will apply towards Premier status tiers up to and including Premier 1k®. PQP earn rate, annual cap and qualification requirements for Premier status may vary by MileagePlus program year and MileagePlus Credit Card type. Please allow 6-8 weeks after qualifying purchases for PQP to post to your MileagePlus account. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits.

1,000 Card Bonus Premier Qualifying Points (PQP): The primary Cardmember will earn 1,000 Card Bonus Premier Qualifying Points (PQP) within 6-8 weeks after February 1 of each year. Card Bonus PQP will post directly to your United MileagePlus account and will not appear on your credit card statement. The Card Bonus PQP do not count toward the calendar year maximum PQP Cardmembers can earn for net purchases. PQP will apply toward Premier status tiers up to and including Premier 1K. Qualification requirements for Premier status may vary by MileagePlus program year. To be eligible for this offer, account must be open as of December 31 of the prior year and must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. United reserves the right to cancel or remove the Card Bonus PQPs for any Cardmembers that close or downgrade their account during the qualification year. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the PQP stated in this offer.

Priority Boarding: The primary Cardmember and companions traveling on the same reservation are eligible for priority boarding; authorized users are only eligible if they are on the same reservation as the primary Cardmember. To receive priority boarding, the primary Cardmember must include their MileagePlus® number in their reservation. Priority boarding is only available on United- and United Express-operated flights; codeshare partner-operated flights are not eligible. United QuestSM Cardmembers can board the plane before general boarding, after MileagePlus Premier® members, customers with Premier Access® and travelers requiring special assistance. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits. Please allow 2 weeks after account opening for priority boarding to be available on your United reservation.

Global Entry or TSA PreCheck® or NEXUS Application Fee Statement Credit: You will receive one statement credit every four years (up to $120) after the first program (either Global Entry or TSA PreCheck® or NEXUS) application fee is charged to your United QuestSM Card, by you or an authorized user. This benefit applies only to the Global Entry, TSA PreCheck® or NEXUS programs, other Trusted Traveler Programs are not eligible. Only purchases made directly with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, eligible partner listed on ttp.cbp.dhs.gov/Opens overlay, or authorized enrollment providers featured on tsa.gov/precheckOpens overlay website are eligible for reimbursement. Purchases made through any third parties, such as travel agencies or application assistance services, are not eligible for reimbursement. The statement credit will appear on your credit card billing statement within 1-2 billing cycles. You are responsible for payment of all charges until the statement credit posts to the account. Chase has no control or liability regarding these programs including, but not limited to, applications, approval process or enrollment, or fees charged by CBP or TSA or DHS. For more information about the Global Entry, TSA PreCheck® and NEXUS programs, including application details and full terms and conditions, go to ttp.cbp.dhs.gov/Opens overlay. Websites and other information provided by government agencies are not within Chase's control and may not be available in Spanish. To receive statement credits, your account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.
Neither United Airlines nor MileagePlus is responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits.
TSA PreCheck® is a registered trademark and is used with the permission of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.

Award Availability, Pricing, and Fees: As long as tickets are still available for sale for the applicable cabin on any United-operated flight, MileagePlus members can use miles to book award travel on such flight. Award pricing is subject to change without notice. Awards on partner-operated flights and upgrade awards are subject to limitations and restrictions. Passenger is responsible for all taxes, fees, baggage fees and surcharges applicable to award travel, including, with respect to government imposed taxes and fees, September 11th Security Fee of $5.60 per one-way trip that does not include a government defined stopover, US Customs, Immigration and APHIS User Fees of $18.23 for each international arrival in the U.S.; and non-U.S. government ticket taxes, fees and airport charges may add up to $375 per ticket as of January 1, 2026. Such taxes, fees and surcharges must be paid at the time of ticketing and are subject to change. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits. Visit united.com/AirAwardsOpens overlay for details.

25% back on food, beverage and Wi-Fi purchases on board United and United Express-operated flights and United Club premium drink purchases: You will receive 25% back, in the form of a credit card account statement credit, on purchases of food, beverages and Wi-Fi on board United and United Express-operated flights, and Wi-Fi subscription purchases, when you use your United QuestSM Card to make such purchases. You will also receive 25% back, in the form of a credit card account statement credit, on premium drink purchases at United Clubs. The statement credit will post to your account within 24 hours of your onboard purchase posting to your account. You will also receive 25% back on food, beverage and Wi-Fi purchases made on board, on Wi-Fi subscription purchases, and on premium drink purchases at United Clubs by authorized users who use your United Quest Card account to make such purchases. To qualify for the 25% back, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. To find a list of United Club locations, please visit United.com.

$200 Annual United Travel Credit: One $200 annual United TravelBank cash credit will automatically be added to your MileagePlus account. Annual means the year beginning with your account open date through the first statement date after your account open anniversary, and the 12 months billing cycles after that each year. Travel credit will be delivered in the form of United® TravelBank cash and will be added to your MileagePlus account within 4 weeks of your card anniversary. TravelBank cash must be used for bookings on a United- or United Express®-operated flight or as otherwise permitted by United, and the reservation must be made prior to the expiration date of the credit. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits and services. United® TravelBank cash will post directly to your MileagePlus account and will not appear on your credit card statement.

United Travel Credit: United travel credits, in the form of United TravelBank cash, must be used for bookings on a United-or United Express®-operated flight or as otherwise permitted by United, and the reservation must be made prior to the expiration date of the credit. TravelBank cash may not be combined, transferred, extended beyond expiration date, or re-credited for miles. Unused TravelBank cash will expire 12 months after date of issue. TravelBank cash can be used alone or in combination with most other forms of payment. You can't combine TravelBank cash with travel certificates, future flight credit or miles. Flight purchases made with Money + Miles do not qualify for applying TravelBank cash. TravelBank cash credit must be used toward a reservation made within 12 months from the issue date. For more information about TravelBank cash, visit united.com/TravelBankTermsOpens overlay. To qualify and earn your TravelBank cash, your account must be open and in good standing at time of fulfillment. If your credit card account is closed at any time or you move to a different United card, United reserves the right to remove the unused TravelBank cash from your MileagePlus account. Offer and TravelBank cash rules and regulations are subject to change. Taxes and fees related to travel are the responsibility of the passenger.

$150 Renowned Hotels and Resorts Statement Credit: A statement credit will automatically be applied to your account when you book and prepay with your card directly through Renowned Hotels and Resorts for United® Cardmembers, up to a maximum accumulation of $150 annually. Annual means the year beginning with your account open date through the first statement date after your account open date anniversary, and the 12 monthly billing cycles after that each year. To qualify for the statement credit, you must utilize "Pay Now" at booking. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks for statement credit(s) to post to your account. Annual statement credits will be issued for the year in which the transaction posts to your account. Delays by the Renowned Hotels and Resorts property could extend the transaction date beyond the annual period end date and will be allocated towards the following year's annual Renowned Hotels and Resorts statement credit maximum of $150. To qualify for this statement credit, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

Renowned Hotels and Resorts for United® Cardmembers: Renowned Hotels and Resorts for United® Cardmembers program benefits are available exclusively on select Chase credit cards. To receive benefits, reservations must be made for Renowned Hotels and Resorts for United® Cardmembers properties through Chase Travel. Benefits are per room and based on double occupancy. Benefits may be subject to availability at check-in and are not redeemable for cash. Benefits may not be combined with other offers, including tour operator or wholesaler rates and packages. Complimentary Wi-Fi benefit provided, with the exception of locations where Wi-Fi is already complimentary or not available. Program benefits and participating properties may change without notice. Visit www.renownedhotels.comOpens overlay to learn more, other terms may apply.

$100 Rideshare Statement Credit: Earn up to $8 back as a statement credit each month from January to November and up to $12 back as a statement credit in December when you pay for rideshare purchases using your United QuestSM Card. That means you can earn up to a maximum accumulation of $100 in statement credits each calendar year. You must enroll to receive this benefit. You will receive this benefit starting the day after enrollment, continuing each month through the end of the calendar year. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks for statement credit(s) to post to your account. Eligible purchases will qualify for this benefit the month enrollment is completed and each month thereafter. Statement credit(s) will be issued for the calendar month in which the transaction posts to your account. Delays by the rideshare service could extend the transaction date beyond the calendar month end date and will be allocated toward the following month's credit amount. To qualify for this statement credit, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. If your credit card account is closed at any time, United and Chase reserve the right to remove any statement credits that were not posted to your account. For important information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window.

Up to $80 Avis or Budget Travel Credit: Earn $40 in United TravelBank cash on your first eligible Avis or Budget purchase and $40 in United TravelBank cash on your second eligible Avis or Budget purchase when you use your United QuestSM Card on Avis or Budget rental car purchases made directly through cars.united.comOpens overlay, up to a maximum accumulation of $80 annually. Annual means the year beginning with your account open date through the first statement date after your account open date anniversary, and the 12 monthly billing cycles after that each year. To be eligible for this offer, the Avis or Budget rental car reservation must be for a minimum of 2 days from a participating Avis/Budget location, the Primary Cardmember must include their MileagePlus® number in the reservation, and one of the following discount codes must be applied: Avis AWD A7915000 or A7909000 or Budget BCD B2049000 or B2048000. You can select "Apply discounted rates" on cars.united.comOpens overlay to apply the discount codes. This Avis Travel credit will be delivered in the form of United® TravelBank cash and will be added to your MileagePlus account within 6-8 weeks after each eligible Avis or Budget rental return. Annual TravelBank cash will be issued for the year in which the transaction posts to your account. Processing delays could extend the transaction date beyond the annual period end date, in that case the Avis or Budget travel credit will be allocated towards the following year's annual credit. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits and services. United® TravelBank cash will post directly to your MileagePlus account and will not appear on your credit card statement.

Receive one $10 credit and one $5 credit per month in the Instacart App: As a United QuestSM Card Primary cardmember, you can receive one $10 credit and one $5 credit in your Instacart account each month you have an active Instacart+ membership after you activate your complimentary Chase Instacart+ membership on https://www.instacart.com/p/chase-unitedOpens overlay from 3/23/2025 through 12/31/2027. Activate a complimentary Chase Instacart+ membership on https://www.instacart.com/p/chase-unitedOpens overlay with your eligible Chase credit card. The monthly credits will be made available to you in your Instacart+ account at the beginning of each month and will only be available on that platform for the remainder of that calendar month; the monthly credits will not roll over into a subsequent month. Each monthly credit is only eligible on one purchase of $10 or more made on Instacart.comOpens overlay with one retailer and using your United QuestSM Card. Any unused portion of a monthly credit will not be available for future use. Eligible purchase will qualify for these credits the month your United QuestSM Card is added to your Instacart account and each month thereafter. To qualify for these credits, your United QuestSM Card account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. If your credit card account is closed at any time, Instacart, United and Chase reserve the right to remove any unused Instacart credits from your account. Credit will be applied to the total purchase price for all eligible products and excludes taxes, service and delivery fees, tips, special handling fees and/or other fees. Limit 1 credit per order. Excludes restaurant orders powered by Uber Eats. State and Local laws in your area may prohibit alcohol discounts and/or exclude alcohol from this offer's qualifying minimum spend of $10. If the discount isn't applied automatically during checkout, alcohol products may not be eligible for this offer in your location. Credit has no cash value and is non-transferable. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by Instacart are not within Chase or United Airlines' control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase or United Airlines are not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, Instacart benefits and services. Credit card product changes during the promotional period will forfeit this offer. Deliveries subject to availability. In order to take advantage of this offer, customers must have a valid account on Instacart.comOpens overlay with their valid United QuestSM Card on file. Only one offer per household. Instacart reserves the right to modify or cancel this offer at any time. Offer may not be sold, copied, modified, transferred or used retroactively for prior purchases. Void where restricted or prohibited by law. Offer may expire prior to your actual use of the offer, without liability to Instacart. Instacart is not a retailer or seller. Instacart may not be available in all zip or post codes.

$150 JSX Statement Credit: A statement credit will automatically be applied to your account when your card is used to make purchases directly with JSX, up to a maximum accumulation of $150 annually. Annual means the year beginning with your account open date through the first statement date after your account open date anniversary, and the 12 monthly billing cycles after that each year. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks for statement credit(s) to post to your account. Annual statement credits will be issued for the year in which the transaction posts to your account. Delays by JSX could extend the transaction posting date beyond the annual period end date and will be allocated towards the following year's annual JSX statement credit maximum of $150. To qualify for this statement credit, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

Upgrading Award Tickets: The primary Cardmember who has MileagePlus® Premier® status and is traveling on an award ticket AND one companion that is traveling on the same reservation are eligible for Complimentary Premier Upgrades on select United- and United Express-operated flights, subject to availability; authorized users are only eligible if they are on the same reservation as the primary Cardmember. Assignment of Complimentary Premier Upgrades on award tickets within each Premier level will be prioritized after the lowest paid fare class. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits. Please visit united.com/upgradesOpens overlay for details on flights eligible for Complimentary Premier Upgrades and upgrade processing.

Complimentary Instacart+ membership for 3 months then 50% off: You, as the Primary cardmember, can activate this offer using your eligible United QuestSM Card between 3/23/25 and 12/31/27, to receive three (3) months of complimentary Instacart+ membership beginning on the date you activate this offer and this offer's promotional Instacart+ annual rate. Activate the offer via https://www.instacart.com/p/chase-unitedOpens overlay or the special offer invitation in your email or account settings.
If you have an existing Instacart+ membership, your existing membership will be paused during the duration of the complimentary term and resume upon expiration of the complimentary term. By activating this offer, you agree to the Instacart+ Terms and that after your complimentary period ends, you will be automatically enrolled at 50% off the then current annual Instacart+ Membership rate (currently $99/year) through 12/31/27, and billed automatically to any active card on file, unless you choose to cancel.
After 12/31/27, your annual membership rate will auto-renew at $99/year, or the then current annual rate. Subscription prices are subject to change. You must pay for your Instacart+ membership using your eligible United QuestSM Card to receive the promotional rate. If you do not pay with your eligible card, you will be automatically charged $99/year or the then current annual rate. Membership must be activated with a United States address. This offer will replace any previously redeemed Instacart+ discounted membership offer. If you currently have an annual membership that does not automatically renew or you have a monthly membership, you will have the option to update your plan to an auto-renewing annual plan at the promotional discount through 12/31/27 using an eligible card (United QuestSM Card).
You may cancel your paid subscription by selecting "Cancel Membership" in the "Your Instacart+ Membership" page. You will not be charged if you cancel prior to the end of your complimentary Instacart+ membership period or applicable paid membership start date. You are eligible to receive a refund if you cancel within 5 days of the start of the paid membership term and you have not placed any orders with Instacart+ nor activated the New York Times Cooking subscription offer. Benefits of Instacart+ membership include $0 delivery fees on eligible orders that total over $35. Service and other fees, taxes, and/or tips may apply. This offer is non-transferable. Memberships purchased through third parties are excluded from this offer. If you product change to another Chase credit card during the promotional period, your benefits may end or change. Chase and United Airlines are not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, Instacart+ Membership benefits and services. Your United QuestSM Card must be open and not in default to maintain eligibility for Instacart+ membership benefits. See full Instacart+ Membership terms and conditions at: instacart.com/terms. This offer is subject to modification or termination at any time without notice.

Concierge Service: Cardmembers are responsible for the cost of any goods or services purchased through the Concierge.

Cardmembers Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time: Eligible cardmembers are those with access to Chase Pay Over Time who use a participating Chase credit card for eligible purchases. Access to Chase Pay Over Time is not guaranteed, is based on a variety of factors such as creditworthiness, credit limit and account behavior, and may change from time to time. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time After Purchase: Participating Chase credit cards include most consumer credit cards and select small business credit cards. For a complete list of participating Chase credit cards, see "Which Chase credit cards are eligible to use Chase Pay Over Time after a purchase is made" at chase.com/personal/credit-cards/chasepayovertime/faqs/after-purchaseOpens in a new window. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time at checkout on Amazon.com: Participating Chase credit cards include all credit cards except small business credit cards, Amazon Visa and Prime Visa cards, and Chase Mastercard credit cards.

Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time Set Up After Purchase: Purchases of at least $100 are eligible, excluding certain transactions such as (a) cash-like transactions, (b) any fees owed to us, including Annual Membership Fees, and (c) purchases made under a separate promotion or special finance program. Eligible purchases will be identified within your transaction history on chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile App.

Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time at Checkout on Amazon.com: Orders totaling at least $50 of eligible items on Amazon.com are eligible. Amazon may designate any item as ineligible, such as Amazon Fresh, Whole Foods, Amazon Prime Now, 1-Click Purchases and Subscribe & Save. If your order includes a recurring subscription, then only the first month's subscription fee will be eligible. If available for your account, the option to choose "financing offers available" will appear at checkout.

Amazon, the Amazon.com logo, the smile logo, and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.

Chase Mobile App: Chase Mobile® app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply.

The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.

INSTACART®, the Instacart Carrot logo, the Instacart Partial Carrot logo, and the Instacart Carrot Top logo are trademarks of Maplebear Inc., d/b/a Instacart. Instacart may not be available in all zip or post codes. See Instacart Terms of Service for more details.

United Visa Card Program Information
Individuals whose requests for this offer are not approved will not be enrolled in MileagePlus® through this request, although existing MileagePlus members will remain enrolled in MileagePlus. Authorized users will not be enrolled in MileagePlus as a result of this request. MileagePlus miles awarded through the use of the authorized user's card will only be credited to the primary cardmember's account. Chase's sole obligation concerning the award and redemption of miles shall be to make a valid request to United to award miles to the Primary Cardmember's associated MileagePlus account. Chase disclaims liability or responsibility for United's failure to award or redeem miles to the Primary Cardmember's associated MileagePlus account after Chase has met its obligations to United in connection with such a request. If a primary Cardmember's membership in United's MileagePlus Program is terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of that Program, the Cardmember will no longer be eligible to earn any MileagePlus miles for purchases using the United Card or access Cardmember benefits associated with the MileagePlus Program.

MileagePlus Program Terms and Conditions:
Miles accrued, awards, and benefits issued are subject to change and are subject to the rules of the United MileagePlus® program, including without limitation the Premier® program (the "MileagePlus Program"), which are expressly incorporated herein. Please allow 6-8 weeks after completed qualifying activity for miles to post to your account. United® may change the MileagePlus Program including, but not limited to, rules, regulations, travel awards and special offers or terminate the MileagePlus Program at any time and without notice. United and its subsidiaries, affiliates and agents are not responsible for any products or services of other participating companies and partners. Taxes and fees related to award travel are the responsibility of the member. Bonus award miles, award miles and any other miles earned through non-flight activity do not count toward qualification for Premier status unless expressly stated otherwise. The accumulation of mileage or Premier status or any other status does not entitle members to any vested rights with respect to the MileagePlus Program. All calculations made in connection with the MileagePlus Program, including without limitation with respect to the accumulation of mileage and the satisfaction of the qualification requirements for Premier status, will be made by United Airlines® and MileagePlus in their discretion and such calculations will be considered final. Information in this communication that relates to the MileagePlus Program does not purport to be complete or comprehensive and may not include all of the information that a member may believe is important, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to all of the information on the united.com website and the MileagePlus Program rules. United and MileagePlus are registered service marks. For complete details about the MileagePlus Program, go to united.com.

United credit cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Offer subject to change.