
Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply.
 
Visa Signature card: Before we approve you for a credit card, we will review your credit report and the information you provide with your response to confirm that you meet the criteria for this offer. Based on this review, you may receive a Visa Signature card or Visa Platinum card with different costs and/or benefits, or you may not receive a card. For benefits details, please read your credit card benefits materials which will be mailed after your account is established.

This credit card is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months.

New Cardmember Bonus – 30,000 Miles: To qualify, you must make $1,000 in purchases during the first 3 months from account opening. After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus to post to your United MileagePlus account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, your credit card account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services. However, the following types of transactions won’t count as purchases: balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions; lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions; person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. These miles do not count toward Premier status. If your account is not open for at least six months, United and Chase reserve the right to deduct the bonus miles from your MileagePlus account. 

10,000 Bonus Miles After You Add An Authorized User In The First 3 Months From Account Opening: This product is not available to either (i) current Cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous Cardmembers of this credit card who received a new Cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. With this bonus offer, you will qualify and receive 10,000 bonus miles after your addition of an authorized user to your account during the first 3 months from account opening. 10,000 bonus miles will only be awarded once, for the first authorized user added to your account regardless of how many total authorized users you add to your account. After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus miles to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default, and authorized user must be on your account at the time of fulfillment. These miles do not count toward Premier status. If your account is not open for at least 6 months, United and Chase reserve the right to deduct the bonus miles from your MileagePlus Program account. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the 10,000 bonus miles, which will post directly to your MileagePlus account and not appear on your credit card statement.

Adding Authorized Users: All correspondence, including credit cards, statements, and notifications will be sent to the name and address on file for the primary cardmember. The primary cardmember is responsible for repaying all balances on this account. Authorized users will have the same charging privileges as the primary cardmember but will not be financially responsible. Chase provides account information to the credit reporting agencies for all account users. This information could impact an authorized user's credit score. When you tell us to add a user to your account, you're confirming that you have a relationship with the person or people whose name(s), address(es), and date(s) of birth you've told us, that all their information is correct, and that you have their consent to add them. If Chase determines you've given us fraudulent name, address, or date of birth information or did not have such consent, Chase can close this account.

Earning in the Rewards Program: You’ll earn miles on purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds, made with a UnitedSM credit card by you or an authorized user of the account. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won’t count and won’t earn miles: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 1 mile: You’ll earn 1 mile for each $1 spent. 2 miles: You’ll earn 2 miles total for each $1 spent (1 additional mile on top of the 1 mile per $1 earned on each purchase) on airline tickets purchased from United, and on the following purchases made from United: seat upgrades; Economy Plus®; inflight food, beverages and Wi-Fi; baggage service charges or other United fees. Other United related purchases, such as United Cruises®, United MileagePlus X, DIRECTV® and Merchandise Awards, are excluded. United tickets booked through some discount travel websites or as part of a third-party travel package will also not qualify. You’ll also earn 2 miles total for each $1 spent (1 additional mile on top of the 1 mile per $1 earned on each purchase) on purchases of United Card Events from Chase and in the following rewards categories: gas stations; local transit and commuting. Information about earning/transferring miles to United: Miles earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to United after the end of each billing cycle. Losing miles: You’ll immediately lose all miles that haven’t been transferred to United if your card account status changes, or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. For important information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQs. For more information about the United GatewaySM Card rewards program, you can see the latest Rewards Program Agreement at https://www.chase.com/unitedgatewaycard/rewardsagreementOpens in a new window and it will also be available for cardmembers after logging in to chase.comOpens in a new window and will be mailed for new or changed accounts.

Earning miles from United on United flights and United Hotels: Miles earned on United flights and United Hotels purchased directly from United are earned on the fare and are subject to exclusions. The fare is the base fare of the ticket plus carrier-imposed surcharges or the base fare of the hotel accommodation, excluding any government-imposed taxes and surcharges. Mileage earning differs for Basic Economy or base option tickets and companions traveling on the same reservation. Gateway Cardmembers can earn additional miles from United after spending $10,000 on purchases in a calendar year. For details see united.com/FlightEarn. For details on earning miles from United on United Hotels, see united.com/UnitedHotelsTerms. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, miles earned from United under the MileagePlus program. Miles will post directly to your United MileagePlus account and will not appear on your credit card statement. Miles earned from United under the MileagePlus program for United flight and United Hotels purchases will be earned in accordance with the rules of the MileagePlus program. For details see united.com/mprules.

Award Flight Pricing: Eligible primary Cardmembers will be eligible to book award flights on United® or United® Express with discounted award pricing. Cardmember award pricing is valid on award flights on United or United Express only; Cardmember award pricing does not apply to Money + Miles tickets, tickets purchased with cash, or other redemption products. Eligible primary Cardmembers without MileagePlus Premier status will be eligible to book award flights on United or United Express with at least 10% fewer miles than the base price paid by members without an eligible card, and Primary Cardmembers with MileagePlus Premier status will be eligible to book award flights on United or United Express with at least 15% fewer miles than the base price paid by members without an eligible card. To be eligible to receive Cardmember award pricing, the account must be open and not in default at time of fulfillment. To receive Award Pricing, the qualifying award reservation must be booked with the primary Cardmember’s MileagePlus account. Cardmember award pricing is valid for the primary Cardmember’s MileagePlus account only and is not transferrable. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the Cardmember award pricing on United or United Express flights. The benefit may take up to 5 weeks to become effective after the card is issued. United Gateway Cardmembers are eligible to receive the Cardmember award pricing after making Purchases totaling $10,000 or more in a calendar year with their card. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services; However, the following types of transactions won’t count as purchases: balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions; lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions; person-to-person money transfers and account funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. Calendar year means January 1 through December 31 of the same year. After qualifying, please allow up to 4 weeks for Cardmember award pricing to be activated in your United MileagePlus account. Cardmember award pricing is valid for the remainder of the calendar year in which the primary Cardmember meets the qualifying spend requirements and through the end of the following calendar year.

Earn Two Checked Bag Certificates: Earn two (2) standard checked bag certificates after spending $10,000 on Purchases with your United GatewaySM Card within a calendar year. There is a limit of two standard checked bag certificates that may be accrued per eligible United GatewaySM Cardmember each calendar year. The checked bag certificates will be deposited into your MileagePlus account within 6 to 8 weeks after meeting the spend requirement. To redeem two (2) standard checked bag certificates, the primary Cardmember logged into their MileagePlus account must use their card to purchase their ticket(s), include their MileagePlus® number in their reservation, and apply the checked bag certificate(s) to their ticket at checkout. Checked bag certificates are only available on United- and United Express-operated flights; codeshare partner-operated flights are not eligible. Each unused certificate will expire 12 months after date of issue. Service charges for oversized, overweight and extra baggage may apply. Cardmembers who are already exempt from other checked baggage service charges will not receive additional free standard checked bags. Please visit united.com/ChaseBag for details. “Purchases” do not include balance transfers, cash advances, traveler’s checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, racetrack wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, or fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. Returns and refunds will be deducted from your purchases amount. To qualify and earn your two checked bag certificates, your account must be open and in good standing at time of fulfillment. Checked bag certificate rules and regulations are subject to change. Taxes and fees related to travel are the responsibility of the passenger. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits and services. Checked bag certificates will post directly to your MileagePlus account and will not appear on your credit card statement.

25% back on food, beverage and Wi-Fi purchases on board United and United Express-operated flights and United Club premium drink purchases: You will receive 25% back, in the form of a credit card account statement credit, on purchases of food, beverages and Wi-Fi on board United and United Express-operated flights, and Wi-Fi subscription purchases, when you use your United GatewaySM Card to make such purchases. You will also receive 25% back, in the form of a credit card account statement credit, on premium drink purchases at United Clubs. The statement credit will post to your account within 24 hours of your onboard purchase posting to your account. You will also receive 25% back on food, beverage and Wi-Fi purchases made on board, on Wi-Fi subscription purchases, and on premium drink purchases at United Clubs by authorized users who use your United Gateway Card account to make such purchases. To qualify for the 25% back, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. To find a list of United Club locations, please visit United.com.

Award Availability, Pricing, and Fees: As long as tickets are still available for sale for the applicable cabin on any United-operated flight, MileagePlus members can use miles to book award travel on such flight. Award pricing is subject to change without notice. Awards on partner-operated flights and upgrade awards are subject to limitations and restrictions. Passenger is responsible for all taxes, fees, baggage fees and surcharges applicable to award travel, including, with respect to government imposed taxes and fees, September 11th Security Fee of $ 5.60 per one-way trip that does not include a government defined stopover, US Customs, Immigration and APHIS User Fees of $ 18.23 for each international arrival in the U.S.; and non-U.S. government ticket taxes, fees and airport charges may add up to $ 375 per ticket as of January 1, 2026. Such taxes, fees and surcharges must be paid at the time of ticketing and are subject to change. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits. Visit united.com/AirAwards for details.

Concierge Service: Cardmembers are responsible for the cost of any goods or services purchased through the Concierge.

Cardmembers Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time: Eligible cardmembers are those with access to Chase Pay Over Time who use a participating Chase credit card for eligible purchases. Access to Chase Pay Over Time is not guaranteed, is based on a variety of factors such as creditworthiness, credit limit and account behavior, and may change from time to time. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time After Purchase: Participating Chase credit cards include most consumer credit cards and select small business credit cards. For a complete list of participating Chase credit cards, see "Which Chase credit cards are eligible to use Chase Pay Over Time after a purchase is made" at chase.com/personal/credit-cards/chasepayovertime/faqs/after-purchase. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time at checkout on Amazon.com: Participating Chase credit cards include all credit cards except small business credit cards, Amazon Visa and Prime Visa cards, and Chase Mastercard credit cards.

Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time Set Up After Purchase: Purchases of at least $100 are eligible, excluding certain transactions such as (a) cash-like transactions, (b) any fees owed to us, including Annual Membership Fees, and (c) purchases made under a separate promotion or special finance program. Eligible purchases will be identified within your transaction history on chase.com or the Chase Mobile App.

Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time at Checkout on Amazon.com: Orders totaling at least $50 of eligible items on Amazon.com are eligible. Amazon may designate any item as ineligible, such as Amazon Fresh, Whole Foods, Amazon Prime Now, 1-Click Purchases and Subscribe & Save. If your order includes a recurring subscription, then only the first month's subscription fee will be eligible. If available for your account, the option to choose "financing offers available" will appear at checkout.

Amazon, the Amazon.com logo, the smile logo, and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.comOpens overlay, Inc. or its affiliates.

Chase Mobile App: Chase Mobile® app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply.

United Visa Card Program Information
Individuals whose requests for this offer are not approved will not be enrolled in MileagePlus® through this request, although existing MileagePlus members will remain enrolled in MileagePlus. Authorized users will not be enrolled in MileagePlus as a result of this request. MileagePlus miles awarded through the use of the authorized user’s card will only be credited to the primary cardmember’s account. Chase’s sole obligation concerning the award and redemption of miles shall be to make a valid request to United to award miles to the Primary Cardmember’s associated MileagePlus account. Chase disclaims liability or responsibility for United’s failure to award or redeem miles to the Primary Cardmember’s associated MileagePlus account after Chase has met its obligations to United in connection with such a request. If a primary Cardmember’s membership in United’s MileagePlus Program is terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of that Program, the Cardmember will no longer be eligible to earn any MileagePlus miles for purchases using the United Card or access Cardmember benefits associated with the MileagePlus Program.

MileagePlus Program Terms and Conditions:
Miles accrued, awards, and benefits issued are subject to change and are subject to the rules of the United MileagePlus® program, including without limitation the Premier® program (the "MileagePlus Program"), which are expressly incorporated herein. Please allow 6-8 weeks after completed qualifying activity for miles to post to your account. United® may change the MileagePlus Program including, but not limited to, rules, regulations, travel awards and special offers or terminate the MileagePlus Program at any time and without notice. United and its subsidiaries, affiliates and agents are not responsible for any products or services of other participating companies and partners. Taxes and fees related to award travel are the responsibility of the member. Bonus award miles, award miles and any other miles earned through non-flight activity do not count toward qualification for Premier status unless expressly stated otherwise. The accumulation of mileage or Premier status or any other status does not entitle members to any vested rights with respect to the MileagePlus Program. All calculations made in connection with the MileagePlus Program, including without limitation with respect to the accumulation of mileage and the satisfaction of the qualification requirements for Premier status, will be made by United Airlines® and MileagePlus in their discretion and such calculations will be considered final. Information in this communication that relates to the MileagePlus Program does not purport to be complete or comprehensive and may not include all of the information that a member may believe is important, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to all of the information on the united.com website and the MileagePlus Program rules. United and MileagePlus are registered service marks. For complete details about the MileagePlus Program, go to united.com.

The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.

United credit cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Offer subject to change.