Offer Details
Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply.
 
30,000 Bonus Points After You Spend $3,000 On Purchases In The First 3 Months From Account Opening: The credit card is not available to either (i) current Cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous Card members of this credit card who received a new Card member bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. To qualify for and receive your 30,000 Bonus Points, you must make Purchases totaling $3,000 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services; however, the following types of transactions won't count: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. After qualifying, please allow 6-8 weeks for your Bonus Points to post to your World of Hyatt account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Chase is not responsible for offer fulfillment. If your account is not open for at least 6 months, Hyatt and Chase reserve the right to deduct the Bonus Points from your World of Hyatt account. All World of Hyatt terms and conditions apply and are available at worldofhyatt.com/termsOpens overlay.

2x Bonus Points Total On All Purchases for New Cardmembers: You'll earn 2 World of Hyatt Bonus Points for each $1 USD spent on all other purchases for the first 6 months from account opening, or until you reach $15,000 on those purchases, whichever occurs first. Additional Bonus Points will appear on your billing statement in a separate line from base Bonus Points. See Earning in the Rewards Program for more information about earning Bonus Points. 

Earning in the Rewards Program: You’ll earn World of Hyatt Bonus Points on purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds, made with a World of Hyatt® Credit Card by you or an authorized user of the account. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won’t count as a purchase and won’t earn World of Hyatt Bonus Points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 4 Bonus Points on Hyatt purchases: 4 Bonus Points for each $1 USD spent on qualifying purchases made at Hyatt hotels and resorts participating in the World of Hyatt Program and on purchases of World of Hyatt Experiences made at hyatt.com/experiencesOpens overlay. For a list of purchases that do not qualify for 4 Bonus Points on each $1 USD spent, go to hyatt.com/chase-earn-termsOpens overlay. Hyatt is responsible for ensuring all hotels and resorts participating in the World of Hyatt Program are correctly reported to Chase for earn of Bonus Points on World of Hyatt card purchases. Points received under the World of Hyatt Program for stays at hotels and resorts participating in the World of Hyatt Program, regardless of how those stays are paid for, will be earned in accordance with the terms and conditions of the World of Hyatt Program. 2 Bonus Points on select categories and purchases: You’ll earn 2 World of Hyatt Bonus Points for each $1 USD spent on purchases made in any of the following rewards categories: restaurants (excluding dining purchases that qualify for 4 Bonus Points as described above); airline tickets when purchased directly with the airline; local transit/commuting; fitness club and gym memberships. 1 Bonus Point: You’ll earn 1 World of Hyatt Bonus Point for each $1 USD spent on all other purchases. Information about earning/transferring Bonus Points to Hyatt: You must be a World of Hyatt member to receive and use Bonus Points, Free Night Awards, or other World of Hyatt Program benefits. If you are currently a World of Hyatt member, Bonus Points you earn through your World of Hyatt® Credit Card will be deposited into your World of Hyatt Program account as described below. If you are not already a World of Hyatt member, Chase will provide your information to Hyatt upon approval of your World of Hyatt® Credit Card application and Hyatt will enroll you in the World of Hyatt Program. World of Hyatt Bonus Points earned through the World of Hyatt® Credit Card can only be transferred to the primary card member’s World of Hyatt Program account. World of Hyatt Bonus Points earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to Hyatt after the end of each billing cycle and will be placed in the member’s World of Hyatt account, at which point they will be available to be used. How you could lose Bonus Points that have not yet transferred to Hyatt: You’ll immediately lose all World of Hyatt Bonus Points that haven’t been transferred to your World of Hyatt Program account if your card account status changes, or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. Points expiration: The Bonus Points transferred to your World of Hyatt Program account won’t expire as long as your card account is open. If your card account is closed, you will lose any unredeemed points (including Bonus Points) in your World of Hyatt Program account if you fail to have qualifying activity in the World of Hyatt Program at least once every 24 months. Please see the World of Hyatt Program Terms and Conditions at worldofhyatt.com/termsOpens overlay for details on how to keep your account active. Also, if your World of Hyatt Program account is terminated, any unredeemed points in your World of Hyatt Program account will be lost. All World of Hyatt Program Terms and Conditions apply and are available at worldofhyatt.com/termsOpens overlay. For important information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window. For more information about the World of Hyatt® Credit Card rewards program, you can see the latest Rewards Program Agreement at chase.com/worldofhyattcard/rewardsagreementOpens in a new window and it will also be available for cardmembers after logging in to chase.comOpens in a new window and will be mailed for new or changed accounts.

Free Night Award Every Cardmember Anniversary: To qualify for this Free Night Award, you must be the primary cardmember and your card account must be open and not in default at the time the award is issued. Please allow up to 10 weeks after your cardmember anniversary each year for your Free Night Award to be issued to you. (“Anniversary” is the date that is twelve months after your account open date, and the same date each twelve months thereafter.) This Free Night Award is good for one (1) night in any available standard room within 12 months from issuance at Hyatt hotels and resorts that are designated as Category 1 through 4 under the World of Hyatt program. Not valid at properties in any other category or at Miraval, Hyatt Zilara or Hyatt Ziva resorts. To find Category 1 through 4 hotels or resorts, visit worldofhyatt.comOpens Overlay. An authorized user will not receive this Free Night Award. Hyatt reserves the right to reclassify any hotel or resort at any time for any reason in its sole discretion (provided that reclassification of a hotel or resort will not affect a previously booked award reservation). This Free Night Award must be redeemed for a reservation with a checkout date before the expiration date of the award. This Free Night Award cannot be redeemed for packages. Resort, destination, or facility fees, where charged by the applicable hotel or resort, will be waived for cardmembers for the specific redeemed Free Night Award (excluding Hyatt Residence Club resorts). In some instances, a hotel or resort may charge other fees (such as a “service fee” for room service) that are independent of any resort, destination, or facility fee charged by that hotel or resort. These fees will not be waived when redeeming a Free Night Award. Reservations for Free Night Award redemption are subject to availability and must be made in advance by visiting the My Awards page within your account at worldofhyatt.comOpens Overlay, or by calling 888.75.HYATT or your nearest Hyatt Global Contact CenterOpens Overlay. Chase is not responsible for offer fulfillment. Except as otherwise expressly set forth here, redemption of this Free Night Award is subject to all terms applicable to Free Night Awards as set forth in the World of Hyatt terms and conditions, available at worldofhyatt.com/termsOpens Overlay.

Free Night Award After $15,000 in Purchases: As a one-time bonus each calendar year, you, as the primary cardmember, will earn a Category 1 through 4 Free Night Award after you spend $15,000 in purchases. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won’t count: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. This Free Night Award is good for one (1) night in any available standard room within 12 months of issuance at Hyatt hotels and resorts that are designated as Category 1 through 4 under the World of Hyatt program. After qualifying, please allow up to 8 weeks for the Free Night Award to be issued to your World of Hyatt account at worldofhyatt.comOpens Overlay. Not valid at properties in any other category or at Miraval, Hyatt Zilara or Hyatt Ziva resorts. To find Category 1 through 4 hotels or resorts, visit worldofhyatt.comOpens Overlay. Hyatt reserves the right to reclassify any hotel or resort at any time for any reason in its sole discretion (provided that reclassification of a hotel or resort will not affect a previously booked award reservation). An authorized user will not receive this Free Night Award. This Free Night Award must be redeemed for a reservation with a checkout date before the expiration date of the award. This Free Night Award cannot be redeemed for packages. Resort, destination, or facility fees, where charged by the applicable hotel or resort, will be waived for cardmembers for the specific redeemed Free Night Award (excluding Hyatt Residence Club resorts). In some instances, a hotel or resort may charge other fees (such as a “service fee” for room service) that are independent of any resort, destination, or facility fee charged by that hotel or resort. These fees will not be waived when redeeming a Free Night Award. Reservations for this Free Night Award redemption are subject to availability and must be made in advance by visiting the My Awards page within your account at worldofhyatt.comOpens Overlay, or by calling 888.75.HYATT or your nearest Hyatt Global Contact CenterOpens Overlay. Except as otherwise expressly set forth here, redemption of a Free Night Award is subject to all terms as set forth in the World of Hyatt terms and conditions, available at worldofhyatt.com/termsOpens Overlay. Chase is not responsible for offer fulfillment or the provision of or failure to provide the stated benefits and services.

Discoverist Status: The primary cardmember will receive Discoverist status in the World of Hyatt program as long as their World of Hyatt Credit Card is open and not in default and the cardmember complies with the World of Hyatt terms and conditions (available at worldofhyatt.com/termsOpens Overlay). Please allow up to 8 weeks from account opening for Discoverist status to be applied to your World of Hyatt account. An authorized user will not receive Discoverist status or associated benefits in the World of Hyatt program as a result of his or her designation as an additional authorized user of the World of Hyatt Credit Card (however they may independently enroll in and earn Discoverist status in the World of Hyatt program as set forth in the World of Hyatt program terms and conditions). Chase is not responsible for offer fulfillment or the provision of or failure to provide the stated benefits and services.

5 World of Hyatt Tier-Qualifying Night Credits Each Calendar Year: You, as the primary cardmember, will receive 5 World of Hyatt Tier-Qualifying Night credits in your World of Hyatt account within 8 weeks of your World of Hyatt Credit Card account open date. Every calendar year after your first year, you will receive 5 Tier-Qualifying Night credits within 8 weeks of January 1. To qualify for the 5 World of Hyatt Tier-Qualifying Night credits each January, your World of Hyatt Credit Card account must be open and not in default and you must be a member in good standing with the World of Hyatt program. World of Hyatt Tier-Qualifying Night credits are valid from the date of issuance through December 31st of the same calendar year. An authorized user will not receive the 5 World of Hyatt Tier-Qualifying Night Credits. World of Hyatt Tier-Qualifying Night credits will apply to achieving World of Hyatt status and milestone benefits applicable to Tier-Qualifying Night requirements (as outlined in the program terms). The 5 Tier-Qualifying Nights earned are not Free Night Awards. Chase is not responsible for offer fulfillment or the provision of or failure to provide the stated benefits and services.

Earn Additional World of Hyatt Tier-Qualifying Night Credits For Every $5,000 in Purchases: You, as the primary cardmember, will earn 2 World of Hyatt Tier-Qualifying Night credits for every $5,000 in Purchases. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won’t count: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. Chase and Hyatt have the right to determine which purchases qualify for this offer. Chase and Hyatt reserve the right to change or end this offer at any time. There is no limit to the number of World of Hyatt Tier-Qualifying Night credits that you can earn. An authorized user will not receive World of Hyatt Tier-Qualifying Night Credits. World of Hyatt Tier-Qualifying Night credits will be credited to the calendar year in which the spend occurred. World of Hyatt Tier-Qualifying Night credits will apply to achieving World of Hyatt status and milestone benefits applicable to Tier-Qualifying Night requirements (as outlined in the program terms). Please allow up to 8 weeks from the last day of the calendar month when you qualify, for World of Hyatt Tier-Qualifying Night credits to be added to your World of Hyatt account. To qualify for the World of Hyatt Tier-Qualifying Night credits, your account must be open and not in default at the time of processing and fulfillment. Chase is not responsible for offer fulfillment or the provision of or failure to provide the stated benefits and services.

Concierge Service: Cardmembers are responsible for the cost of any goods or services purchased through Visa Signature Concierge.

Complimentary DashPass: When the membership is activated for the first time with World of Hyatt Credit Card between 02/01/2025 and 12/31/2027, you will receive 12 months of complimentary DashPass for use on both the DoorDash and Caviar applications during the same membership period based on the first activation date. After the complimentary DashPass membership period ends, you will continue to be enrolled and will be automatically charged the then-current monthly DashPass rate (plus applicable tax) on a recurring monthly basis for each membership activated until you cancel. You can cancel anytime on DoorDash or Caviar. The same log in credentials must be used on DoorDash and Caviar in order for the DashPass benefit to be used on both applications. To receive the membership benefits, the cardmember must first add their applicable Chase credit card as a default payment method on DoorDash or Caviar, and then click the activation button. Once enrolled in DashPass, you must use your World of Hyatt Credit Card for payment at checkout for DashPass-eligible orders to receive DashPass benefits. DashPass benefits apply only to eligible orders from DashPass-eligible merchants that meet the minimum subtotal requirement (as stated in the DoorDash and Caviar apps and sites with amounts subject to change). However, other fees (including service fee), taxes, and gratuity on orders may apply. Current value of the DashPass membership is as of 02/01/2025. DashPass orders are subject to delivery driver and geographic availability. Membership must be activated with a United States address. Payment through third-party payment accounts, or online or mobile digital wallets (like Apple Pay and Google Pay), or memberships purchased through third parties are excluded from this offer. If you product change to another Chase credit card during the promotional period, your benefits may change. You may experience a delay in updating your applicable benefits on DoorDash or Caviar; please note, once you product trade, the benefits from your previous credit card are no longer available for your use. You can only access the benefits available with your current credit card. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by DoorDash or Caviar are not within Chase’s control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash or Caviar benefits and services. Your applicable Chase credit card account must be open and not in default to maintain membership benefits. See full DoorDash terms and conditions at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens Overlay.

Earn Up to $10 Off Quarterly on DoorDash Non-Restaurant Orders: Once you have activated your World of Hyatt Credit Card DashPass membership, you will receive a $10 off discount each calendar quarter at checkout on one qualifying non-restaurant order on DoorDash as long as you remain enrolled in a DashPass membership. Discount applies to subtotal only; does not apply to fees, taxes, and gratuity. Fees, taxes, and gratuity still apply. To claim, select the discount from the promotion wallet at checkout, or claim the discount when prompted in the DoorDash app or website. If the full $10 value is not used on a single order, the remaining value will be forfeited. You must use the card used to enroll in your World of Hyatt Credit Card DashPass membership as your payment method at order checkout to receive this discount. This discount may be combined with other order-level promotions, discounts, or deals. The quarterly discount will be made available to you in your DoorDash account at the beginning of each quarter and will only be available on that platform for the remainder of that calendar quarter; the quarterly discount will not roll over into a subsequent quarter. Once redeemed, the discount will not be refunded to the user regardless of whether the user otherwise receives a refund or credits back on their order. Not valid for the purchase of gift cards. Not valid on alcohol in some states. Limit one redemption per quarter per person. Valid in the U.S. only. Discount has no cash value and is non-transferable. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash benefits and services. Credit card product changes during the promotional period will forfeit this offer. Additional DoorDash promotional terms and conditions available at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens Overlay.

All deliveries subject to availability. Must have or create a valid DoorDash account. Qualifying orders containing alcohol will be charged a $0.01 Delivery Fee. No cash value. Non-transferable. See full terms and conditions at: help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditionsOpens Overlay.

Cardmembers Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time: Eligible cardmembers are those with access to Chase Pay Over Time who use a participating Chase credit card for eligible purchases. Access to Chase Pay Over Time is not guaranteed, is based on a variety of factors such as creditworthiness, credit limit and account behavior, and may change from time to time. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time After Purchase: Participating Chase credit cards include most consumer credit cards and select small business credit cards. For a complete list of participating Chase credit cards, see “Which Chase credit cards are eligible to use Chase Pay Over Time after a purchase is made” at chase.com/personal/credit-cards/chasepayovertime/faqs/after-purchaseOpens in a new window. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time at checkout on Amazon.com: Participating Chase credit cards include all credit cards except small business credit cards, Amazon Visa and Prime Visa cards, and Chase Mastercard credit cards.

Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time Set Up After Purchase: Purchases of at least $100 are eligible, excluding certain transactions such as (a) cash-like transactions, (b) any fees owed to us, including Annual Membership Fees, and (c) purchases made under a separate promotion or special finance program. Eligible purchases will be identified within your transaction history on chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile App. Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time at Checkout on Amazon.com: Orders totaling at least $50 of eligible items on Amazon.com are eligible. Amazon may designate any item as ineligible, such as Amazon Fresh, Whole Foods, Amazon Prime Now, 1-Click Purchases and Subscribe & Save. If your order includes a recurring subscription, then only the first month’s subscription fee will be eligible. If available for your account, the option to choose “financing offers available” will appear at checkout.

Amazon, the Amazon.com logo, the smile logo, and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.comOpens Overlay, Inc. or its affiliates.

The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.

The trademarks World of Hyatt®, Park Hyatt®, Grand Hyatt®, Hyatt Regency®, Hyatt®, Hyatt Vacation Club®, Hyatt Place®, Hyatt House®, Miraval®, Alila®, Andaz®, Thompson Hotels®, Dream® Hotels, Hyatt Centric®, Caption by Hyatt®, The Unbound Collection by Hyatt®, Destination by Hyatt®, JdV by Hyatt®, Hyatt Studios, Impression by Secrets, Hyatt Ziva®, Hyatt Zilara®, Zoëtry® Wellness & Spa Resorts, Secrets® Resorts & Spas, Breathless Resorts & Spas®, Dreams® Resorts & Spas, Hyatt Vivid Hotels & Resorts, Alua Hotels & Resorts®, Sunscape® Resorts & Spas, The Standard®, The StandardX, Bunkhouse® Hotels, Me and All Hotels, Unscripted by Hyatt, Hyatt Select and related marks are trademarks of Hyatt Corporation or its affiliates.

WORLD OF HYATT PROGRAM INFORMATION
Receipt and use of any World of Hyatt® program points, awards or benefits require membership in the World of Hyatt program. All World of Hyatt points earned through use of the World of Hyatt Credit Card are “Bonus Points” as defined in the World of Hyatt terms and conditions. All participation in the World of Hyatt program, including accrual and redemption of Bonus Points, Free Night Awards, Tier Qualifying Night Credits and receipt of membership benefits, is subject to the terms and conditions of the World of Hyatt program. Visit worldofhyatt.com/termsOpens Overlay for complete terms and conditions of the World of Hyatt program. Terms and conditions of the World of Hyatt program may be modified and offers, services, and benefits may be added or deleted at any time as described in the World of Hyatt program terms and conditions. Additional authorized users will not be enrolled in the World of Hyatt program as a result of this offer. World of Hyatt Bonus Points awarded through the use of an authorized user’s card will only be credited to the primary cardmember’s World of Hyatt account. Authorized users will not be eligible for elite status in the World of Hyatt program, or associated benefits, based on their use of the primary cardmember’s World of Hyatt Credit Card.

Credit Cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Offer subject to change.