Offer Details
Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply.

75,000 Bonus Avios After You Spend $5,000 On Purchases In The First 3 Months From Account Opening: This product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. To qualify and receive your bonus, you must make Purchases totaling $5,000 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus Avios to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

Earning in the Rewards Program: You'll earn Avios points on purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds, made with an Aer Lingus credit card by you or an authorized user of the account. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count as a purchase and won't earn Avios points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 3 Avios points: You'll earn 3 Avios points for each $1 spent on flight purchases made directly with Aer Lingus, British Airways, Iberia, and LEVEL. 2 Avios points: You'll earn 2 Avios points for each $1 spent on hotel accommodations when purchased directly with the hotel. 1 Avios point: You'll earn 1 Avios point for each $1 spent on all other purchases. Information about earning/transferring Avios points to Aer Lingus: Avios points earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to Aer Lingus AerClub after the end of each billing cycle. Avios points expiration: Avios points will expire according to the Aer Lingus AerClub program Terms and Conditions which include maintaining Aer Lingus AerClub program activity for 36 consecutive months. Losing Avios points: You'll immediately lose all Avios points that haven't been transferred to Aer Lingus AerClub if your Aer Lingus credit card account status changes, or your Aer Lingus credit card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. For important information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window. For more information about the Aer Lingus card rewards program, you can see the latest Rewards Program Agreement at chase.com/aerlinguscard/rewardsagreementOpens in a new window and it will also be available for cardmembers after logging in to chase.comOpens in a new window and will be mailed for new or changed accounts.

Companion Pass: Subject to Aer Lingus flight availability. No taxes and fees apply to the Companion Ticket. Aer Lingus terms and conditions apply. Cardmember must make $30,000 in purchases in a single calendar year on their Aer Lingus Visa Card to receive an Economy Companion Ticket. Purchase Transactions must post to Cardmember’s billing statement on or before December 31 of the calendar year in order to qualify for the $30,000 spend. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use the card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won’t count and won’t earn points: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. The Companion Ticket will be in the form of a voucher that can be redeemed by a Cardmember for an economy companion ticket with a paid economy flight. Cardmember is eligible for only one voucher each calendar year. The Economy Companion Ticket will be issued after the billing cycle when Cardmember reaches $30,000 in purchases. Cardmember will receive a voucher email 4-6 weeks later, and must email Aer Lingus directly at chasecompanionticket@aerlingus.com to book using the companion voucher. The maximum response time to an email will be 48hrs Monday to Thursday and 72hrs Friday to Sunday. Only 1 companion ticket can be used per booking. Cardmember will not be eligible for another voucher until the next calendar year. Once the Companion Ticket is issued, credits to the Aer Lingus credit card account will not cause forfeiture of the Companion Ticket. The voucher is valid for an economy Companion Ticket in conjunction with the Cardmember’s paid economy flight on Aer Lingus taken within 12 months of the date of issue. Cardmember must book the companion on or before 30 days before flying. All vouchers will be issued in the name of the primary Cardmember who must travel on any booking where the voucher is used. The voucher cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotion and is only valid if it has been acquired in accordance with the rules of this promotion. The voucher is not extendable, transferable, has no cash or Avios value and is subject to availability. Companion must travel with the Cardmember on both the outbound and inbound journey and be booked at the same time for both directions. Flights and voucher may only be used for flights which are marketed and operated by Aer Lingus. Travel on franchise, codeshare or alliance airlines is not permitted. All travel must originate in and return to the US, and is only valid on flights operated by Aer Lingus directly between the US and Ireland. Additional restrictions may apply. This offer is not from Chase. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is not responsible for the provision of or failure to provide the stated benefits and services.

PRIORITY BOARDING: Primary cardmembers and authorized users are eligible for priority boarding on Aer Lingus operated flights only. To receive priority boarding primary cardmembers and authorized users must display their valid Aer Lingus Visa credit card at the gate prior to boarding. Primary cardmembers and authorized users are eligible for priority boarding on Aer Lingus operated flights directly between the US and Ireland. Chase is not responsible for the provision of or the failure to provide, priority boarding. Priority boarding is subject to availability.

Complimentary DashPass: When the membership is activated for the first time with Aer Lingus Visa Signature® card between 02/01/2025 and 12/31/2027, you will receive 12 months of complimentary DashPass for use on both the DoorDash and Caviar applications during the same membership period based on the first activation date. After the complimentary DashPass membership period ends, you will continue to be enrolled and will be automatically charged the then-current monthly DashPass rate (plus applicable tax) for each membership activated until you cancel. You can cancel anytime on DoorDash or Caviar. The same log in credentials must be used on DoorDash and Caviar in order for the DashPass benefit to be used on both applications. To receive the membership benefits, the cardmember must first add their applicable Chase credit card as a default payment method on DoorDash or Caviar, and then click the activation button. Once enrolled in DashPass, you must use your Aer Lingus Visa Signature® card for payment at checkout for DashPass-eligible orders to receive DashPass benefits. DashPass benefits apply only to eligible orders from DashPass-eligible merchants that meet the minimum subtotal requirement (as stated in the DoorDash and Caviar apps and sites with amounts subject to change). However, other fees (including service fee), taxes, and gratuity on orders may apply. Current value of the DashPass membership is as of 02/01/2025. DashPass orders are subject to delivery driver and geographic availability. Membership must be activated with a United States address. Payment through third-party payment accounts, or online or mobile digital wallets (like Apple Pay and Google Pay), or memberships purchased through third parties are excluded from this offer. If you product change to another Chase credit card during the promotional period, your benefits may change. You may experience a delay in updating your applicable benefits on DoorDash or Caviar; please note, once you product trade, the benefits from your previous credit card are no longer available for your use. You can only access the benefits available with your current credit card. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by DoorDash or Caviar are not within Chase’s control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash or Caviar benefits and services. Your applicable Chase credit card account must be open and not in default to maintain membership benefits. See full DoorDash terms and conditions at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens overlay.

Earn Up to $10 Off Quarterly on DoorDash Non-Restaurant Orders: Once you have activated your Aer Lingus Visa Signature® card DashPass membership, you will receive a $10 off discount each calendar quarter at checkout on one qualifying non-restaurant order on DoorDash as long as you remain enrolled in a DashPass membership. Discount applies to subtotal only; does not apply to fees, taxes, and gratuity. Fees, taxes, and gratuity still apply. To claim, select the discount from the promotion wallet at checkout, or claim the discount when prompted in the DoorDash app or website. If the full $10 value is not used on a single order, the remaining value will be forfeited. You must use the card used to enroll in your Aer Lingus Visa Signature® card DashPass membership as your payment method at order checkout to receive this discount. This discount may be combined with other order-level promotions, discounts, or deals. The quarterly discount will be made available to you in your DoorDash account at the beginning of each quarter and will only be available on that platform for the remainder of that calendar quarter; the quarterly discount will not roll over into a subsequent quarter. Once redeemed, the discount will not be refunded to the user regardless of whether the user otherwise receives a refund or credits back on their order. Not valid for the purchase of gift cards. Not valid on alcohol in some states. Limit one redemption per quarter per person. Valid in the U.S. only. Discount has no cash value and is non-transferable. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash benefits and services. Credit card product changes during the promotional period will forfeit this offer. Additional DoorDash promotional terms and conditions available at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens overlay.

Cardmembers Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time: Eligible cardmembers are those with access to Chase Pay Over Time who use a participating Chase credit card for eligible purchases. Access to Chase Pay Over Time is not guaranteed, is based on a variety of factors such as creditworthiness, credit limit and account behavior, and may change from time to time. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time After Purchase: Participating Chase credit cards include most consumer credit cards and select small business credit cards. For a complete list of participating Chase credit cards, see “Which Chase credit cards are eligible to use Chase Pay Over Time after a purchase is made” at chase.com/personal/credit-cards/chasepayovertime/faqs/after-purchase. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time at checkout on Amazon.com: Participating Chase credit cards include all credit cards except small business credit cards, Amazon Visa and Prime Visa cards, and Chase Mastercard credit cards.

Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time Set Up After Purchase: Purchases of at least $100 are eligible, excluding certain transactions such as (a) cash-like transactions, (b) any fees owed to us, including Annual Membership Fees, and (c) purchases made under a separate promotion or special finance program. Eligible purchases will be identified within your transaction history on chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile App. Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time at Checkout on Amazon.com: Orders totaling at least $50 of eligible items on Amazon.com are eligible. Amazon may designate any item as ineligible, such as Amazon Fresh, Whole Foods, Amazon Prime Now, 1-Click Purchases and Subscribe & Save. If your order includes a recurring subscription, then only the first month’s subscription fee will be eligible. If available for your account, the option to choose "financing offers available" will appear at checkout.

Avios Don’t Expire Program Requirements
Your Avios will not expire as long as you remain an active member in the AerClub Program. You remain active by doing one or more of the following during any 36-month period: (a) have an eligible flight; (b) earn Avios by using an Aer Lingus Visa Signature Credit Card for purchases (note that paying the credit card annual membership fee is not considered purchase activity); or (c) otherwise earn Avios in accordance with the AerClub Program terms and conditions. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use the card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won’t count and won’t earn Avios: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. If you do not remain an active member, then AerClub reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to close your AerClub account without notice to you. In the event your AerClub account is closed, all unredeemed Avios in your AerClub account will be forfeited.

Redeeming Avios: Avios can be redeemed for reward flights on Aer Lingus in accordance with AerClub terms and conditions. Existing AerClub members will be prompted to enter their AerClub number. If you are not already an AerClub member please visit aerlingus.comOpens overlay in order to enroll. Avios will be deposited in your AerClub account within 4-6 weeks. Redemption of Avios for travel is solely the responsibility of AerClub.

Amazon, the Amazon.com logo, the smile logo, and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.comOpens overlay, Inc. or its affiliates.

The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.

Aer Lingus AerClub Program
By applying for the Aer Lingus Visa card you agree that an AerClub account will be created for you subject to the AerClub terms and conditions, please visit aerlingus.com/aerclubOpens overlay.

Aer Lingus credit cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Offer subject to change.