Offer Details
Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply.

60,000 Bonus Points After You Spend $3,000 On Purchases In The First 3 Months From Account Opening: This product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of the Chase Aeroplan Card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of the Chase Aeroplan Card who received a new cardmember bonus for this card within the last 24 months. To qualify and receive your bonus, you must make Purchases totaling $3,000 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. (“Purchases” do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

Earning in the Rewards Program: You’ll earn points on purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds, made with a Chase Aeroplan Card by you or an authorized user of the account. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won’t count and won’t earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 3 points (“3X points”): You’ll earn 3 points for each $1 spent on purchases made with Air Canada® directly. Purchases of gift cards; car rentals, hotel bookings, and other third-party partner products and services that can be purchased through aircanada.comOpens Overlay; and onboard Wi-Fi are excluded. Air Canada tickets purchased through travel agencies, discount travel sites, vacation clubs, tour operators, or tickets booked as part of a travel package offered by non-airline merchants will not qualify. 3 points (“3X points”): You’ll earn 3 points for each $1 spent on purchases made in any of the following rewards categories: grocery stores; dining at restaurants including takeout and eligible delivery services. 1 point (“1X points”): You’ll earn 1 point for each $1 spent on all other purchases. Information about earning/transferring points to Aeroplan: Points will be automatically transferred to Aeroplan after the end of each billing cycle. Points expiration: The points transferred to your Aeroplan Program account won’t expire as long as your card account is open. If your card account is closed, the expiration of points earned in this program that are transferred to your Aeroplan Program account will be governed by the Aeroplan Program General Terms and ConditionsOpens Overlay, available on Air Canada’s website. Losing points: You’ll immediately lose all points that haven’t been transferred to Aeroplan if your card account status changes, or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. For important information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window. For more information about the Chase Aeroplan card rewards program, you can see the latest Rewards Program Agreement at chase.com/aeroplancard/rewardsagreementOpens in a new window and it will also be available for cardmembers after logging in to chase.comOpens in a new window and will be mailed for new or changed accounts.

500 Monthly Bonus Points: You, as the primary cardmember, will earn 500 bonus points for each $2,000 spent each calendar month on up to $6,000 in purchases (for a possible total of 1,500 bonus points each calendar month). Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won’t count: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. Please allow up to 8 weeks after qualifying purchases post to your account for bonus points to post to your Aeroplan account. To receive bonus points, your credit card account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Bonus points will be credited to the calendar month in which the qualifying transaction posts to your credit card account. Delays by a merchant, such as for shipping, could extend a transaction date into the next calendar month.

Aeroplan 25K Status for New Cardmembers: You, as the primary cardmember, will receive Aeroplan 25K Status for the calendar year in which your Chase Aeroplan Card account is opened and for the following calendar year. If you have earned a higher status by other means (in accordance with Air Canada’s Aeroplan Elite Status Terms and Conditions), you will retain the higher status. This benefit is not available to current or previous cardmembers who received this benefit of the credit card within the last 60 months. Aeroplan 25K Status and access to all associated features, benefits, services and amenities are subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Aeroplan Elite Status program and are available at aircanada.com/elite-termsandconditionsOpens Overlay. Aeroplan 25K Status is non transferrable. Your Chase Aeroplan Card account must be linked to your Aeroplan number and must be open and not in default to receive and retain Aeroplan 25K Status. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits.

Maintain or Qualify for Aeroplan Elite 25K Status: Each calendar year in which you spend at least $15,000 in purchases you, as the primary cardmember, will earn Aeroplan 25K Status through the following calendar year. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use the card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your Chase Aeroplan Card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won’t count: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your Chase Aeroplan Card account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. On January 1 of each calendar year, the calculation resets to zero and you must qualify again in the next calendar year. Purchases made towards the end of a calendar year may not be posted to your Chase Aeroplan Card account until the next calendar year and will therefore be included in the calculation for that year. Please allow six (6) to eight (8) weeks after qualifying for Aeroplan 25K Status to be applied to your Aeroplan account. If you earned a higher status by other means (in accordance with Air Canada’s Aeroplan Elite Status Terms and Conditions) you will retain the higher status. Aeroplan 25K Status and access to all associated features, benefits, services and amenities are subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Aeroplan Elite Status program and are available at aircanada.com/elite-termsandconditionsOpens Overlay. Aeroplan 25K Status is non transferrable. Your Chase Aeroplan Card account must be linked to your Aeroplan number and must be open and not in default to receive and retain Aeroplan 25K Status. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits.

Qualify for Aeroplan 35K Status: Each calendar year you spend at least $75,000 in purchases on your Chase Aeroplan Card account, you, as the primary cardmember, will be granted Aeroplan 35K Status for the remainder of that calendar year and for the next calendar year. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use the card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your Chase Aeroplan Card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won’t count: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your Chase Aeroplan Card account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. On January 1 of each calendar year, the spend calculation resets to zero and you must qualify again in that calendar year. Purchases made towards the end of a calendar year may not be posted to your Chase Aeroplan Card account until the next calendar year and will therefore be included in the calculation for that calendar year. Please allow six (6) to eight (8) weeks after qualifying for Aeroplan 35K Status to be applied to your Aeroplan account. If you have earned a higher Aeroplan Elite status level through other means (under the Aeroplan Elite Status Terms and Conditions) you will retain the higher status. Aeroplan 35K Status and access to all associated features, benefits, services and amenities are subject to the Aeroplan Elite Status Terms and Conditions and are available at aircanada.com/elite-termsandconditionsOpens Overlay. Aeroplan 35K Status is non transferrable. Your Chase Aeroplan Card account must be linked to your Aeroplan number and must be open and not in default, and your Aeroplan account must be in good standing to receive and retain Aeroplan 35K Status. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits.

Annual Status Qualifying Credits
Each calendar year you are a primary cardmember of a Chase Aeroplan Card, you, as the primary cardmember, will receive 5,000 Status Qualifying Credits (SQC). The annual 5,000 SQC will be deposited to the primary cardmember’s Aeroplan account when the primary cardmember obtains a Chase Aeroplan card and by the end of February in every year thereafter. An Aeroplan member is only eligible to receive one annual 5,000 SQC benefit in a calendar year regardless of the number of Chase Aeroplan Cards they hold or open in that same calendar year. Any SQC that may be awarded in connection with any Aeroplan credit card, regardless of card issuer, including the Chase Aeroplan Card are subject to a combined maximum total of 25,000 SQC per Aeroplan Member per calendar year (the “Annual Credit Card Maximum”). If your Chase Aeroplan Card account is closed, for any reason, any SQC awarded in that current Elite Year as a result of the annual SQC benefit will be removed from the Aeroplan account and Aeroplan Elite Status and benefits awarded in connection with this annual SQC benefit may also be reversed, revoked or rescinded. SQC are not redeemable towards Aeroplan rewards and only count towards Aeroplan Elite Status qualification. SQC cannot be exchanged and do not count towards Million Mile Status. Aeroplan reserves the right, at any time and at its sole discretion, to reverse, revoke or rescind SQC, Elite Status associated benefits in the event of misuse of this benefit. SQC and access to all associated features, benefits, services and amenities are subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Aeroplan Elite Status program and are available at aircanada.com/elite-termsandconditionsOpens overlay. Your Chase Aeroplan Card account must be linked to your Aeroplan number and must be open and not in default, and your Aeroplan account must be in good standing to receive the annual 5,000 SQC. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits.

Collect Up to 20,000 Status Qualifying Credits
Each calendar year you are a primary cardmember of a Chase Aeroplan Card, you, as the primary cardmember, will receive 10,000 Status Qualifying Credits (SQC) once you spend $25,000 in purchases on your Chase Aeroplan Card account in a calendar year, and an additional 10,000 SQC once you spend $50,000 in purchases on your Chase Aeroplan Card account in a calendar year. Any SQC that may be awarded in connection with any Aeroplan credit card, regardless of issuer, including the Chase Aeroplan Card are subject to a combined maximum total of 25,000 SQC per Aeroplan Member, per calendar year (the “Annual Credit Card Maximum”). Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your Chase Aeroplan card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won’t count: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your Chase Aeroplan card account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. On January 1 of each calendar year, the spend calculation resets to zero and you must spend in that year to accumulate SQC again in that year. Purchases made towards the end of a calendar year may not be posted to your Chase Aeroplan Card account until the next calendar year and will therefore be included in the calculation for that calendar year. Please allow six (6) to eight (8) weeks after meeting the purchase thresholds for the SQC to be added to your Aeroplan account. SQC are not redeemable towards Aeroplan rewards and only count towards Aeroplan Elite Status qualification. SQC cannot be exchanged and do not count towards Million Mile Status. Aeroplan reserves the right, at any time and at its sole discretion, to reverse, revoke or rescind SQC, Elite Status associated benefits in the event of misuse of this benefit. SQC and access to all associated features, benefits, services and amenities are subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Aeroplan Elite Status program and are available at aircanada.com/elite-termsandconditionsOpens overlay. Your Chase Aeroplan Card account must be linked to your Aeroplan number and must be open and not in default, and your Aeroplan account must be in good standing at the time of processing and fulfillment. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits.

Free First Checked Bags: You, as the primary cardmember, and up to eight (8) other passengers traveling on the same reservation (up to a maximum of nine (9) travelers), are each entitled to a free first checked bag up to 50lb. Benefit only applies when checking in with Air Canada, for a flight operated by Air Canada, Air Canada Rouge or under the Air Canada Express brand. Free first checked bag benefit is applicable only when the bag is checked in at the designated check-in counter, prior to security. Bags checked in at the gate are not eligible for this benefit. Benefit is not available if check-in is with another airline. If the first checked bag is already complimentary (for example, as a result of Aeroplan Elite Status or fare purchased), there is no additional checked bag benefit that will be provided. Free first checked bag benefit may not be applied retroactively, and no refunds will be issued. Service charges for additional/oversized/overweight baggage may apply. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits. For more information on baggage restrictions, please visit aircanada.com/baggageOpens Overlay.

Use Aeroplan® Points With Pay Yourself Back®: Aeroplan Points may be redeemed for a statement credit using Pay Yourself Back toward eligible purchases made with your Aeroplan card within 90 days from the purchase date. Categories, including promotional categories, eligible merchants, and purchase transaction eligibility may change from time to time. Redemption values will be shown on the transaction page prior to redemption. Redemption values may be changed at any time. We may apply a maximum amount of points you can use with Aeroplan points redemption with Pay Yourself Back from time to time. Statement credits will post to the card account within 3 business days of a request to redeem and will appear on the monthly Chase credit card billing statement within 6 to 8 weeks. Statement credits will reduce your balance, but you are still required to make at least your minimum monthly payment. Chase reserves the right to determine which purchases qualify for a statement credit. Only Aeroplan Points earned under the Aeroplan Program, the Chase Aeroplan Card, and Chase Ultimate Rewards® can be used for Chase Pay Yourself Back. Points converted from other programs are not eligible. For information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window. If Aeroplan determines, in its sole discretion based on its data, that you have redeemed ineligible Aeroplan Points, Aeroplan reserves the right to reverse your point redemption or freeze your Aeroplan Membership account. You will be responsible for any balance on your credit card account resulting from a reversal.

Over 1,300 Destinations: Number of destinations based on the published route networkOpens Overlay of Air Canada and its airline partners.

Flight Redemption: Taxes and third-party charges may apply. Based on Air Canada economy one-way short haul (up to 500 miles). For flight rewards including travel with a partner airline, a partner booking fee will apply. The number of Aeroplan points required for this destination might be higher, including for travel during high-demand periods and depending on travel itinerary. Seats subject to availability. Aeroplan points required for itineraries combining both Air Canada and partner airline flights may vary. Aeroplan points required for partner airline flight rewards are based on the actual distance flown between origin and destination. For full details please visit aircanada.com/ca/en/aco/home/aeroplan/legal/terms-and-conditions.htmlOpens overlay.

Preferred Pricing Using Points: You, as the primary cardmember will often require fewer Aeroplan points to redeem for flight rewards through the Aeroplan program than Aeroplan Members who do not hold an Aeroplan co-branded Credit Card. Preferred pricing for flight rewards applies only to flight rewards with Air Canada, not on other airlines. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide the stated benefits. Visit aircanada.com/aeroplanOpens Overlay for full details. Feature may be changed, withdrawn or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer.

Global Entry or TSA PreCheck® or NEXUS Application Fee Statement Credit You will receive one statement credit every four years (up to $120) after the first program (either Global Entry or TSA PreCheck® or NEXUS) application fee is charged to your Chase Aeroplan Card, by you or an authorized user. This benefit applies only to the Global Entry, TSA PreCheck® or NEXUS programs, other Trusted Traveler Programs are not eligible. Only purchases made directly with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, eligible partner listed on ttp.cbp.dhs.gov/Opens overlay, or authorized enrollment providers featured on tsa.gov/precheckOpens overlay website are eligible for reimbursement. Purchases made through any third parties, such as travel agencies or application assistance services, are not eligible for reimbursement. The statement credit will appear on your credit card billing statement within 1-2 billing cycles. You are responsible for payment of all charges until the statement credit posts to the account. Chase has no control or liability regarding these programs including, but not limited to, applications, approval process or enrollment, or fees charged by CBP or TSA or DHS. For more information about the Global Entry, TSA PreCheck® and NEXUS programs, including application details and full terms and conditions, go to ttp.cbp.dhs.gov/Opens overlay. Websites and other information provided by government agencies are not within Chase's control and may not be available in Spanish. To receive statement credits, your account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

TSA PreCheck® is a registered trademark and is used with the permission of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.

Concierge Service: Cardmembers are responsible for the cost of any goods or services purchased through World Mastercard Concierge.

Aeroplan Cardmember 10% Bonus on Chase Ultimate Rewards Point Transfers: If you, as the primary cardmember, also have an eligible Chase credit card with Ultimate Rewards®, you will be eligible to receive a 10% bonus after you transfer 50,000 or more Ultimate Rewards points in a single transaction to Aeroplan. Maximum of 25,000 bonus points per calendar year. Bonus points will be awarded by Aeroplan and will post in your Aeroplan account within 7 days after your transfer is complete. Ultimate Rewards transfers into an authorized user’s Aeroplan account or any Aeroplan account other than the primary cardmember’s, will not be eligible for the 10% bonus. Your Chase Aeroplan Card account must be linked to your Aeroplan number and must be active and not in default at the time the bonus points are credited to receive the bonus points. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits.

Zero Liability: Zero Liability Protection does not apply to use of an account by an authorized user without the approval of the primary cardmember. If you think someone used your account without permission, tell us immediately by calling the Cardmember Services number on your card or billing statement.

Account Alerts: Delivery of alerts may be delayed for various reasons including technology failures and capacity limitations. There is no charge from Chase, but message and data rates may apply. 

Score Improvement: This score improvement resource does not guarantee you will reach your credit score goal even if you complete the recommended actions, as there are other factors that may impact your VantageScore. This resource should be used for educational purposes only. There are various types of credit scores that lenders can access to make a lending decision. The credit score you receive is based on the VantageScore® 3.0 model and may not be the credit score model used by your lender or by Chase. You should carefully consider your needs and objectives before making any decisions, and consult the appropriate professional(s).

Complimentary DashPass: When the membership is activated for the first time with a Chase Aeroplan® Card between 02/01/2025 and 12/31/2027, you will receive 12 months of complimentary DashPass for use on both the DoorDash and Caviar applications during the same membership period based on the first activation date. After the complimentary DashPass membership period ends, you will continue to be enrolled and will be automatically charged the then-current monthly DashPass rate (plus applicable tax) on a recurring monthly basis for each membership activated until you cancel. You can cancel anytime on DoorDash or Caviar. The same log in credentials must be used on DoorDash and Caviar in order for the DashPass benefit to be used on both applications. To receive the membership benefits, the cardmember must first add their applicable Chase credit card as a default payment method on DoorDash or Caviar, and then click the activation button. Once enrolled in DashPass, you must use your Chase Aeroplan® Card for payment at checkout for DashPass-eligible orders to receive DashPass benefits. DashPass benefits apply only to eligible orders from DashPass-eligible merchants that meet the minimum subtotal requirement (as stated in the DoorDash and Caviar apps and sites with amounts subject to change). However, other fees (including service fee), taxes, and gratuity on orders may apply. Current value of the DashPass membership is as of 02/01/2025. DashPass orders are subject to delivery driver and geographic availability. Membership must be activated with a United States address. Payment through third-party payment accounts, or online or mobile digital wallets (like Apple Pay and Google Pay), or memberships purchased through third parties are excluded from this offer. If you product change to another Chase credit card during the promotional period, your benefits may change. You may experience a delay in updating your applicable benefits on DoorDash or Caviar; please note, once you product trade, the benefits from your previous credit card are no longer available for your use. You can only access the benefits available with your current credit card. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by DoorDash or Caviar are not within Chase’s control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash or Caviar benefits and services. Your applicable Chase credit card account must be open and not in default to maintain membership benefits. See full DoorDash terms and conditions at:
https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens overlay.

Earn Up to $10 Off Quarterly on DoorDash Non-Restaurant Orders: Once you have activated your Chase Aeroplan® Card DashPass membership, you will receive a $10 off discount each calendar quarter at checkout on one qualifying non-restaurant order on DoorDash as long as you remain enrolled in a DashPass membership. Discount applies to subtotal only; does not apply to fees, taxes, and gratuity. Fees, taxes, and gratuity still apply. To claim, select the discount from the promotion wallet at checkout, or claim the discount when prompted in the DoorDash app or website. If the full $10 value is not used on a single order, the remaining value will be forfeited. You must use the card used to enroll in your Chase Aeroplan® Card DashPass membership as your payment method at order checkout to receive this discount. This discount may be combined with other order-level promotions, discounts, or deals. The quarterly discount will be made available to you in your DoorDash account at the beginning of each quarter and will only be available on that platform for the remainder of that calendar quarter; the quarterly discount will not roll over into a subsequent quarter. Once redeemed, the discount will not be refunded to the user regardless of whether the user otherwise receives a refund or credits back on their order. Not valid for the purchase of gift cards. Not valid on alcohol in some states. Limit one redemption per quarter per person. Valid in the U.S. only. Discount has no cash value and is non-transferable. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash benefits and services. Credit card product changes during the promotional period will forfeit this offer. Additional DoorDash promotional terms and conditions available at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens overlay. 

All deliveries subject to availability. Must have or create a valid DoorDash account. Qualifying orders containing alcohol will be charged a $0.01 Delivery Fee. No cash value. Non-transferable. See full terms and conditions at: help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditionsOpens overlay.

Cardmembers Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time: Eligible cardmembers are those with access to Chase Pay Over Time who use a participating Chase credit card for eligible purchases. Access to Chase Pay Over Time is not guaranteed, is based on a variety of factors such as creditworthiness, credit limit and account behavior, and may change from time to time. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time After Purchase: Participating Chase credit cards include most consumer credit cards and select small business credit cards. For a complete list of participating Chase credit cards, see “Which Chase credit cards are eligible to use Chase Pay Over Time after a purchase is made” at chase.com/personal/credit-cards/chasepayovertime/faqs/after-purchaseOpens in a new window. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time at checkout on Amazon.com: Participating Chase credit cards include all credit cards except small business credit cards, Amazon Visa and Prime Visa cards, and Chase Mastercard credit cards.

Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time Set Up After Purchase: Purchases of at least $100 are eligible, excluding certain transactions such as (a) cash-like transactions, (b) any fees owed to us, including Annual Membership Fees, and (c) purchases made under a separate promotion or special finance program. Eligible purchases will be identified within your transaction history on chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile App.

Mastercard, the circles design, World Mastercard and World Elite Mastercard are trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.

AEROPLAN® PROGRAM INFORMATION
The Aeroplan number of the person accessing the benefit must be included in the qualifying reservation, and the name on the airline reservation must be identical to the name on the Aeroplan account of the traveler. Please allow up to 72 hours after the Chase Aeroplan Card is approved for these benefits to be activated. Your Aeroplan account must be in good standing at time of flight for airline benefits to apply. Airline benefits will no longer be available upon Aeroplan account closure, regardless of reason for closure, or if the credit card product is changed. Aeroplan membership and benefits are subject to the Aeroplan Program Terms & Conditions (aircanada.com/aeroplan-termsandconditionsOpens Overlay) and any applicable Air Canada terms and conditions relating to a benefit, as determined by Air Canada in its sole discretion and as may be changed from time to time. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits. Air Canada® is a registered trademark of Air Canada used under license by Aeroplan Inc. Aeroplan® is a registered trademark of Aeroplan Inc., used under license.

Chase Aeroplan credit cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Offer subject to change.