Offer Details
Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply.
 
75,000 Bonus Avios After You Spend $5,000 On Purchases In The First 3 Months From Account Opening: This product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. To qualify and receive your bonus, you must make Purchases totaling $5,000 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus Avios to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

Earning in the Rewards Program: You'll earn Avios points on purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds, made with a British Airways credit card by you or an authorized user of the account. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn Avios points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 3 Avios points: You'll earn 3 Avios points for each $1 spent on flight purchases made directly with British Airways, Aer Lingus, Iberia and LEVEL. 2 Avios points: You'll earn 2 Avios points for each $1 spent on hotel accommodations when purchased directly with the hotel. 1 Avios point: You'll earn 1 Avios point for each $1 spent on all other purchases. Information about earning/transferring Avios points to the British Airways Club: Avios points earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to your British Airways Club account after the end of each billing cycle. You must have a U.S. address listed on your British Airways Club account to earn Avios points in the British Airways card Rewards Program. Avios points expiration: Avios points will expire according to the British Airways Club program terms and conditions which include maintaining British Airways Club program activity for 36 consecutive months. Losing Avios points: You'll immediately lose all Avios points that haven't been transferred to your British Airways Club account if your card account status changes, or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. For important information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window. For more information about the British Airways card Rewards Program, you can see the latest Rewards Program Agreement at chase.com/bacard/rewardsagreementOpens in a new window and it will also be available for cardmembers after logging in to chase.comOpens in a new window and will be mailed for new or changed accounts.

10% Discount: Valid only for new bookings made by US resident British Airways Club members paying in USD with their valid British Airways Visa card issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC, for travel on flights operated by British Airways from the US to London and beyond. Cardmember must travel for booking to qualify for 10% discount. Eligible Cardmembers must log in at www.ba.com/Chase10Opens Overlay and enter the promotion code into the marked box on the Price Quote page. 10% discount will appear on the final payment page. Customer booking process is as follows, customer selects flight. Customer will be asked if they have a ‘promotion code or evoucher'. Once customer enters code the customer's discount will then be applied.
Offer is non-transferable and cannot be combined with any other offer. To be eligible for this discount offer, Cardmember account must be open and not in default at the time of booking purchase. Discount is valid on the total roundtrip or one-way purchase price, including taxes, fees and carrier charges, on mainline flights operated by British Airways. Discount is not valid for flights on code share or franchise carriers. 10% discount on British Airways flights is valid for flight purchase only and does not apply to excess baggage fees, seat assignment fees, purchasing Avios for rewards or rewards fees or any non-air purchases such as hotel or car rental. Roundtrip open jaw bookings are treated as round-trip purchases eligible for only one discount. An example of an open jaw booking is outbound JFK to LON and return PAR to JFK. All rules of purchased fare apply, including advance purchase, minimum stay, weekend-add-ons, and cancellation/refund rules. Other travel related restrictions may apply. Fares not purchased at www.ba.com/Chase10Opens Overlay do not qualify for discount. Discount applies for up to seven passengers in addition to the Cardmember booked on exactly the same British Airways operated flights. Refunds from previously purchased fare types not permitted. British Airways may withdraw this promotion at any time at its discretion and reserves right to cancel bookings made not in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
British Airways standard booking Terms and Conditions including amendment and cancellation charges apply. Bookings via a British Airways call center will incur a $25 per person processing fee. Discount promotion code must be quoted at time of booking. All travel is subject to availability. Other significant restrictions may apply. Visit ba.comOpens Overlay for full Terms and Conditions of fare rules. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is not responsible for the provision of or failure to provide the stated benefits and services.

Reward Flight Statement Credit:
a. Chase Cardmembers will receive a statement credit of up to US $200 (“Statement Credit”) per booking for taxes, fees and charges paid in full using their British Airways credit card ("Card") when redeeming Avios for an eligible Reward Flight on British Airways, subject to these terms and conditions.
b. The Statement Credit will post to the Cardmember’s Card account within 45 days of the eligible Reward Flight booking being ticketed and payment received and will appear on the Cardmember’s monthly Card billing statement within 1-2 billing cycles. Cardmembers are responsible for payment of all charges until the Statement Credit posts to their account. Account must be open and not in default at the time the Statement Credit is posted to Cardmember’s account. The Statement Credit will be applied at a booking level (i.e., not per ticket) and be subject to these terms and conditions.
c. Cardmembers will receive a US $100 Statement Credit per Reward Flight booking in economy (World Traveller) or premium economy (World Traveller Plus); or a US $200 Statement Credit for all other Reward Flight bookings in business (Club World) and First.
d. Cardmembers will be eligible to receive no more than three (3) Statement Credits for three (3) individual bookings of up to US $200 in any single calendar year, totalling no more than US $600 in Statement Credits per calendar year.
e. For the purpose of these terms and conditions, “Reward Flight” means any flight ticket issued by or on behalf of British Airways redeemed using Avios (including all Avios and cash options) from Cardmember’s Club account. BA Flights booked through ba.comOpens overlay through a non-redemption booking “Avios Part Payment”, using Avios to discount the total cash price, are excluded.
f. To be eligible to receive a Statement Credit, the Reward Flight booking must be for a transatlantic international travel itinerary redeemed from Cardmember’s Club account with the transatlantic portion originating in the United States solely on aircraft operated by British Airways. The Reward Flight booking may include a connecting flight on a code share partner for the non-transatlantic portion of the itinerary. Such Reward Flight eligibility with respect to receiving a Statement Credit shall be determined at the time of booking, but if changes are made to the Reward Flight booking by the Cardmember so that the flight is not operated by British Airways or does not start in the United States, the Statement Credit will not be awarded or may be reversed by Chase if already awarded.
g. If a Reward Flight booking is ineligible at the time of booking, but changes are later made to the booking that make it eligible, the Statement Credit will not be retrospectively awarded.
h. If the Reward Flight booking is cancelled, Chase reserves the right to reverse the Statement Credit on the Cardmember’s Card account.
i. Chase and/or British Airways reserve the right to modify or cancel this offer at any time and without notice.
j. Chase is only responsible for receiving information from British Airways in order to post the Statement Credit to your Card account and is not responsible for the provision of or failure to provide the rest of the stated benefits and services.

Travel Together Ticket: Subject to availability. Taxes, fees, and carrier charges apply. The British Airways Club terms and conditions apply. Cardmember must make $30,000 in purchases in a single calendar year on their British Airways Visa Card to receive a Travel Together Ticket. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use the card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. The Travel Together Ticket will be in the form of a voucher that can be redeemed by the Cardmember to either take a companion with them on a Reward Flight for no additional Avios, or reduce the amount of Avios needed for a Reward Flight by 50% as a solo traveler. Full Taxes, Fees and Charges are payable for companions. The voucher is valid for British Airways, Iberia or Aer Lingus Rewards Flights available on ba.comOpens overlay taken within 2 years from the date of issue. The Chase Travel Together Ticket can be used for travel on any route, in any cabin class, for return or one-way journeys, as long as the Cardmember has sufficient Avios to book a Reward Flight. Cardmember is eligible for only one voucher each calendar year. Your Travel Together Ticket will be issued at the end of the billing cycle that you reach $30,000 in purchases. You will receive the voucher in your British Airways Club account 4-6 weeks after the billing cycle your Travel Together Ticket is issued, and you will not be eligible for another voucher until the next calendar year. Once your Travel Together Ticket is issued, credits to your British Airways credit card account will not cause forfeiture of your Travel Together Ticket. All vouchers will be issued in the name of the primary Cardmember who must travel on any booking where the voucher is used. The voucher cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotion and is only valid if it has been acquired in accordance with the rules of this promotion. The voucher is not extendable, transferable and has no cash or Avios value. Companion must travel with the Cardmember on both the outbound and inbound journey and be booked in the same reservation for both directions and in the same travel class. Additional restrictions apply. Visit ba.com/TravelTogetherTicketOpens overlay for more information.

Paying with Avios: British Airways Visa Signature cardmembers can pay for the taxes, fees and carrier charges for flights using Avios. Cardmembers must make their reward booking via the British Airways Club Contact Centre using the dedicated phone number found in the credit card welcome materials and on the back of the credit card. Avios can be used to reduce the cash price of taxes, fees and carrier charges on the reward booking down to a minimum of $5 USD. This $5 USD payment (or any other amount paid) must be paid by using the British Airways Visa Signature card issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Offer not available on ba.comOpens overlay or via any other booking channel. Reward flights and cabin upgrades are subject to availability. Cash price of taxes, fees and carrier charges are approximately $682-$1,250 per adult in economy (World Traveller) or $1,250 in business (Club World) based on travel between Seattle and London. Avios prices for taxes, fees and carrier charges will be quoted by the British Airways Club Contact Centre representative at time of redemption booking.

Reward Flights: Reward Flights are available to any British Airways Club members with an Avios balance. In addition to your Avios, the only cash amount required for Reward Flights is a fixed cash amount. Your chosen date of travel will determine whether you pay a peak or off-peak Avios amount. When booking Reward Flights, you can choose all peak dates, all off-peak dates or a mixture of the two. For travel in First, a cash amount to cover taxes, fees and carrier charges will be payable. The taxes, fees and carrier charges will vary dependent on airline and destination and will be calculated when you book your flights. The final fee (i.e. Avios plus payable taxes, fees and carrier charges) will be displayed at the final stage of your booking. To find out more about Reward Flights visit www.britishairways.com/content/en/us/the-british-airways-club/avios/spending-avios/reward-flightsOpens overlay. Also visit www.britishairways.com/content/en/us/the-british-airways-club/about-the-club/terms-and-conditionsOpens overlay or www.britishairways.com/content/en/us/the-british-airways-club/about-the-club/conditions-of-useOpens overlay.

Oneworld alliance: Avios can be redeemed for Reward flights on British Airways and its airline partners to over 900 destinations worldwide. Airline partners include Alaska Airlines, American Airlines®, Aer Lingus, Cathay Pacific, Finnair, Iberia, Japan Airlines, LEVEL, Malaysia Airlines, Qantas, Qatar Airways, Royal Jordanian, and Royal Air Maroc. Redemption of Avios for travel is solely the responsibility of British Airways.

Complimentary DashPass: When the membership is activated for the first time with a British Airways Visa Signature® Card between 02/01/2025 and 12/31/2027, you will receive 12 months of complimentary DashPass for use on both the DoorDash and Caviar applications during the same membership period based on the first activation date. After the complimentary DashPass membership period ends, you will continue to be enrolled and will be automatically charged the then-current monthly DashPass rate (plus applicable tax) on a recurring monthly basis for each membership activated until you cancel. You can cancel anytime on DoorDash or Caviar. The same log in credentials must be used on DoorDash and Caviar in order for the DashPass benefit to be used on both applications. To receive the membership benefits, the cardmember must first add their applicable Chase credit card as a default payment method on DoorDash or Caviar, and then click the activation button. Once enrolled in DashPass, you must use your British Airways Visa Signature® Card for payment at checkout for DashPass-eligible orders to receive DashPass benefits. DashPass benefits apply only to eligible orders from DashPass-eligible merchants that meet the minimum subtotal requirement (as stated in the DoorDash and Caviar apps and sites with amounts subject to change). However, other fees (including service fee), taxes, and gratuity on orders may apply. Current value of the DashPass membership is as of 02/01/2025. DashPass orders are subject to delivery driver and geographic availability. Membership must be activated with a United States address. Payment through third-party payment accounts, or online or mobile digital wallets (like Apple Pay and Google Pay), or memberships purchased through third parties are excluded from this offer. If you product change to another Chase credit card during the promotional period, your benefits may change. You may experience a delay in updating your applicable benefits on DoorDash or Caviar; please note, once you product trade, the benefits from your previous credit card are no longer available for your use. You can only access the benefits available with your current credit card. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by DoorDash or Caviar are not within Chase’s control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash or Caviar benefits and services. Your applicable Chase credit card account must be open and not in default to maintain membership benefits. See full DoorDash terms and conditions at:
https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens overlay.

Earn Up to $10 Off Quarterly on DoorDash Non-Restaurant Orders: Once you have activated your British Airways Visa Signature® Card DashPass membership, you will receive a $10 off discount each calendar quarter at checkout on one qualifying non-restaurant order on DoorDash as long as you remain enrolled in a DashPass membership. Discount applies to subtotal only; does not apply to fees, taxes, and gratuity. Fees, taxes, and gratuity still apply. To claim, select the discount from the promotion wallet at checkout, or claim the discount when prompted in the DoorDash app or website. If the full $10 value is not used on a single order, the remaining value will be forfeited. You must use the card used to enroll in your British Airways Visa Signature® Card DashPass membership as your payment method at order checkout to receive this discount. This discount may be combined with other order-level promotions, discounts, or deals. The quarterly discount will be made available to you in your DoorDash account at the beginning of each quarter and will only be available on that platform for the remainder of that calendar quarter; the quarterly discount will not roll over into a subsequent quarter. Once redeemed, the discount will not be refunded to the user regardless of whether the user otherwise receives a refund or credits back on their order. Not valid for the purchase of gift cards. Not valid on alcohol in some states. Limit one redemption per quarter per person. Valid in the U.S. only. Discount has no cash value and is non-transferable. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash benefits and services. Credit card product changes during the promotional period will forfeit this offer. Additional DoorDash promotional terms and conditions available at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens overlay.

All deliveries subject to availability. Must have or create a valid DoorDash account. Qualifying orders containing alcohol will be charged a $0.01 Delivery Fee. No cash value. Non-transferable. See full terms and conditions at: help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditionsOpens overlay.

Cardmembers Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time: Eligible cardmembers are those with access to Chase Pay Over Time who use a participating Chase credit card for eligible purchases. Access to Chase Pay Over Time is not guaranteed, is based on a variety of factors such as creditworthiness, credit limit and account behavior, and may change from time to time. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time After Purchase: Participating Chase credit cards include most consumer credit cards and select small business credit cards. For a complete list of participating Chase credit cards, see “Which Chase credit cards are eligible to use Chase Pay Over Time after a purchase is made” at chase.com/personal/credit-cards/chasepayovertime/faqs/after-purchaseOpens in a new window. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time at checkout on Amazon.com: Participating Chase credit cards include all credit cards except small business credit cards, Amazon Visa and Prime Visa cards, and Chase Mastercard credit cards.

Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time Set Up After Purchase: Purchases of at least $100 are eligible, excluding certain transactions such as (a) cash-like transactions, (b) any fees owed to us, including Annual Membership Fees, and (c) purchases made under a separate promotion or special finance program. Eligible purchases will be identified within your transaction history on chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile App. Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time at Checkout on Amazon.com: Orders totaling at least $50 of eligible items on Amazon.com are eligible. Amazon may designate any item as ineligible, such as Amazon Fresh, Whole Foods, Amazon Prime Now, 1-Click Purchases and Subscribe & Save. If your order includes a recurring subscription, then only the first month’s subscription fee will be eligible. If available for your account, the option to choose “financing offers available” will appear at checkout.

Amazon, the Amazon.com logo, the smile logo, and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.comOpens overlay, Inc. or its affiliates.

The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.

THE BRITISH AIRWAYS CLUB PROGRAMME: You must be a member of the British Airways Club programme. If you are not already a member, you will be enrolled automatically if you are approved for the British Airways Visa. Avios accumulated through the British Airways Visa card will be transferred to your British Airways Club account; however, Avios reported on your monthly statement from Chase may not post into your British Airways Club account if you change your British Airways Club address to one outside of the US. Avios earned with the British Airways Visa card will not be credited toward the British Airways Club tier level progression or retention. For rules and regulations of the British Airways Club, please visit ba.comOpens overlay. Redemption of Avios for travel is solely the responsibility of British Airways.
British Airways, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines®, Aer Lingus, Cathay Pacific, Finnair, Iberia, Japan Airlines, LEVEL, Malaysia Airlines, Qantas, Qatar Airways, Royal Jordanian, Royal Air Maroc are trademarks of their respective companies.
British Airways credit cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Offer subject to change.