Offer Details
Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply.
 
Eligibility
Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Disney Visa Credit Cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Offer subject to change.

$300 Disney Gift Card eGift 
This product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. Upon approval of your Disney Inspire Visa Card application, you will be sent your Disney Gift Card eGift via email within hours to any valid email address. The Disney Gift Card eGift can be used at select participating locations at Walt Disney World® Resort, Disneyland® Resort, Disney Cruise Line, Disney Store locations in the U.S., DisneyStore.comOpens overlay, and Adventures by Disney®. Disney Gift Card eGifts are redeemable for goods and services at participating Disney locations. Disney Gift Card eGifts are not refundable or redeemable for cash unless required by law. Disney Gift Card eGifts are not for resale. Disney Gift Card eGifts are issued by, and represents a legal obligation solely of, Disney Gift Card Services, Inc. Lost, damaged or stolen Disney Gift Card eGifts may be replaced only if original email and complete card number are provided. For Disney Gift Card eGift balance inquiries, call 1-877-650-4327 or visit DisneyGiftcard.comOpens Overlay. For complete terms and conditions (including arbitration agreement), visit DisneyGiftcard.comOpens Overlay. The value of this offer or program may result in miscellaneous income received from Chase and we may be required to send you, and file with the IRS, a Form 1099-MISC (Miscellaneous Information) or Form 1042-S (Foreign Person’s U.S. Source Income Subject to Withholding) for the year in which you participate and are awarded the benefits of the offer/program. You are responsible for any tax liability related to participating in the offer/program. Please consult your own tax advisor if you have any questions about how this could affect your taxes. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits and services. All trademarks are property of their respective owners. If your account is not open for at least 6 months, Chase and Disney reserve the right to cancel the Disney Gift Card eGift.

$200 Statement Credit  
This product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. Offers may vary and may not be available through all application methods when applying for the Disney Visa Credit Cards. In some instances, an application may require additional time to process. To qualify and receive your $200 statement credit, you must make Purchases totaling $1,000 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash–like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. After qualifying, please allow up to 8 weeks for your credit to appear in your statement.

200 Disney Rewards Dollars on U.S. Disney Resort Spend Each Anniversary Year
You will receive 200 Disney Rewards Dollars automatically applied to your account after $2,000 in Qualifying Purchases each Anniversary Year. Qualifying Purchases are when you use your Disney Inspire Visa Card for U.S. Disney Resort purchases made directly with Disney (including through Disney operated websites, apps or call centers) for Disney Resorts Collection at Walt Disney World® Resort, Disneyland® Resort Hotels, AULANI Resort, Disney’s Hilton Head Island Resort and Disney’s Vero Beach Resort. Qualifying Purchases include Resort hotel rates (including associated taxes and fees) and folio expenses and Resort vacation package purchases (including Theme Park tickets purchased as part of a vacation package). Qualifying Purchases also include Disney Cruise Line stateroom rates booked directly with Disney Cruise Line in U.S. Dollars (which includes associated taxes and fees but excludes folio expenses and port adventures). Purchases made for Adventures by Disney, National Geographic Expeditions or international Disney Resorts or Parks will not qualify. Purchases of Disney Theme Park tickets (unless purchased as part of a Disney vacation package) also do not qualify. “Anniversary Year” means the year beginning with your credit card account open date through the anniversary of your credit card account open date, and each 12 months after that. For accounts that switch to the Disney Inspire Visa Card, the account open date is the date the switch is official in the Chase system. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks after Qualifying Purchases post to your account for the Disney Rewards Dollars to post to your account. The 200 Disney Rewards Dollars will be issued for the Anniversary Year in which the transaction posts to your account. For example, if you make a Qualifying Purchase, but the transaction does not post until after your current Anniversary Year ends, the cost of the purchase will be allocated toward the following Anniversary Year’s Disney Rewards Dollar bonus. 

$100 Statement Credit on U.S. Disney Theme Park Tickets Spend Each Anniversary Year
You will receive a $100 statement credit automatically applied to your account after $200 in Qualifying Purchases each Anniversary Year. Qualifying Purchases are when you use your Disney Inspire Visa Card to purchase U.S. Disney Theme Park tickets (including Walt Disney World® Annual Passes, Disneyland® Magic Key Passes and Disney Water Park Tickets) directly with Disney (including through Disney operated websites, apps or call centers). Disney Theme Park tickets purchased as part of Disney Vacation Packages will not qualify. “Anniversary Year” means the year beginning with your credit card account open date through the anniversary of your credit card account open date, and each 12 months after that. For accounts that switch to the Disney Inspire Visa Card, the account open date is the date the switch is official in the Chase system. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks after Qualifying Purchases post to your account for the statement credit to post to your account. The statement credit will be issued for the Anniversary Year in which the transaction posts to your account. For example, if you make a Qualifying Purchase, but the transaction does not post until after your current Anniversary Year ends, the cost of the purchase will be allocated toward the following Anniversary Year’s statement credit. 

Card Designs
Card designs are subject to availability and may change without notice. Selection of a new card design does not automatically deactivate your previous card. Your previous card remains activated upon the selection of a new card design, until the expiration date of the previous card, unless otherwise requested by you to Chase. 

$10 Statement Credit on Qualifying Subscriptions Each Month
You will receive a $10.00 statement credit applied to your account after $10.00 or more in Qualifying Purchases each month. Qualifying Purchases are when you use your Disney Inspire Visa Card to purchase any Services subscriptions or Services add-ons directly at DisneyPlus.comOpens overlay, Hulu.comOpens overlay, or plus.espn.comOpens overlay (each, a “Service” and collectively, “Services”). An annual subscription would only be eligible for a one-time $10.00 statement credit in the month of the purchase. You must activate each calendar year on chase.comOpens in a new window, the Chase Mobile® app, or by calling the number on the back of your card. You will receive this benefit starting the day after activation, continuing each month through the end of the calendar year. Your subscription will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Disney+, ESPN, and Hulu Subscriber Agreement, including if you purchase a monthly or annual subscription, unless you timely cancel, your subscription will automatically renew for another monthly or annual subscription period (disneyplus.com/legal/subscriber-agreementOpens Overlay). Purchases will not qualify for the statement credit if made through a third-party device or digital platform (unless such device or platform redirects to DisneyPlus.comOpens overlay, Hulu.comOpens overlay or plus.espn.comOpens overlay), or as a bundle with cable services or as another bundle. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks after Qualifying Purchases post to your account for the statement credit to post to your account. Eligible purchases will qualify for this benefit the month activation is completed and each month thereafter through the end of the calendar year. Statement credit will be issued for the calendar month in which the transaction posts to your account. For example, if you make a Qualifying Purchase, but the transaction does not post until after your current calendar month ends, the cost of the purchase will be allocated toward the following month’s statement credit. 

Earn Disney Rewards Dollars with the Disney Inspire Visa Card
The terms and conditions that apply to Disney Rewards Dollars are available at chase.com/disneyrewardstermsOpens in a new window and will be provided to you with your Disney Inspire Visa Card once you become a cardmember. Subject to credit approval. You will earn 10% total in Disney Rewards Dollars for each $1 spent on Qualifying Purchases (as defined below) made directly at DisneyPlus.comOpens overlay, Hulu.comOpens overlay, or plus.espn.comOpens overlay for (a) a Disney+, Hulu or ESPN+ monthly or annual subscription, or (b) the bundle subscription, or (c) additional Disney+, Hulu, or ESPN+ purchases, including Premier Access on Disney+, add-ons on Hulu, and pay-per-view events on ESPN+. For clarity, you will receive an additional 9% in Disney Rewards Dollars on top of the standard 1% for a total of 10% on these subscription purchases and additional Disney+, Hulu and ESPN+ purchases. Your purchase of any of these subscriptions or additional Disney+, Hulu or ESPN+ purchases will not earn an additional 9% in Disney Rewards Dollars if your purchase is made through a third-party device or digital platform (unless such device or platform redirects to DisneyPlus.comOpens overlay, Hulu.comOpens overlay or plus.espn.comOpens overlay for purchase) or as a bundle with cable services or as another bundle. Disney+, Hulu, and ESPN+ gift card and subscription card purchases that are purchased directly from DisneyPlus.comOpens overlay, Hulu.comOpens overlay or plus.espn.comOpens overlay will earn an additional 9% in Disney Rewards Dollars, but such gift card and subscription card purchases that are purchased from a point of sale location other than DisneyPlus.comOpens overlay, Hulu.comOpens overlay or plus.espn.comOpens overlay will not earn an additional 9% in Disney Rewards Dollars.  You will earn 3% total in Disney Rewards Dollars for each $1 spent on Qualifying Purchases made at (i) Disney Locations in the U.S. or (ii) a merchant in the following rewards category: gas stations. For clarity, you will receive an additional 2% in Disney Rewards Dollars on top of the standard 1% for a total of 3% on these Qualifying Purchases. You will earn 2% total in Disney Rewards Dollars for each $1 spent on Qualifying Purchases made at a merchant in the following rewards categories: grocery stores and dining at restaurants, including takeout and eligible delivery services (this excludes dining purchases made at Disney Locations in the U.S. that qualify for 3% total in Disney Rewards Dollars). For clarity, you will receive an additional 1% in Disney Rewards Dollars on top of the standard 1% for a total of 2% on these Qualifying Purchases. You will earn 1% in Disney Rewards Dollars for each $1 spent on all other Qualifying Purchases. For important information about Chase rewards categories, see DisneyRewards.com/FAQsOpens overlay. (“Qualifying Purchases” means the amount of your retail purchases of goods and services minus returns or refunds that qualify for Disney Rewards Dollars in a billing cycle and do not include balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions; lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar offline and online betting transactions; person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your Card Account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, or fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) 

Redeem Disney Rewards Dollars with Pay Yourself Back® for the Disney Inspire Visa Card
Disney Rewards Dollars may be redeemed for a statement credit using Pay Yourself Back toward purchases made with your Disney Inspire Visa Card at select U.S. Disney locations in Disney Parks and Resorts (for a list of Disney locations, visit DisneyRewards.com/Where-To-RedeemOpens overlay), Disney Store and outlet locations in the U.S., DisneyStore.comOpens overlay, and at DisneyPlus.comOpens overlay, Hulu.comOpens overlay and plus.espn.comOpens overlay, and airline purchases, excluding purchases made with third-party providers and travel agencies, within 90 days from the purchase date. Disney Rewards Dollars cannot be redeemed for a statement credit using a Disney Rewards Redemption Card. Categories, eligible merchants, and purchase transaction eligibility may change from time to time without notice. Even though a merchant or some of the items that it sells may appear to fit within a rewards category, the merchant may not have a merchant code in that category. When this occurs, purchases with that merchant won't qualify for rewards offers on purchases in that category. Each Disney Rewards Dollar you redeem for a statement credit toward qualifying purchases with Pay Yourself Back is worth $1.00 (one U.S. dollar), which means that 1.00 Disney Rewards Dollar equals $1.00 in redemption value. Redemptions require a minimum of .01 Rewards Dollar and a maximum of 12 purchases and/or transactions selected in a single order. Statement credits will post to the card account within 3 business days of a request to redeem and will appear on the monthly Chase credit card billing statement within 1-2 billing cycles. Statement credits will reduce your balance, but you are still required to make at least your minimum monthly payment. Disney and Chase reserve the right to determine which Disney Inspire Visa Card purchases qualify for a statement credit. Rewards Dollars redeemed for statement credits cannot be returned or re-deposited. Pay Yourself Back may be discontinued at any time. Disney Rewards Dollars are subject to the Disney Rewards Dollars Terms and Conditions for Disney Visa Credit Cards available at DisneyRewards.com/TermsOpens overlay.

Special Vacation Financing
Get special vacation financing on select Disney Resort packages, all Adventures by Disney® packages, National Geographic Expeditions, all AULANI, A Disney Resort & Spa, Ko Olina, Hawai`i vacation packages, and all Disney Cruise Line packages (collectively, Disney Vacation Packages). Disney Vacation Packages must be booked by you through the Walt Disney Travel Company, Disney Cruise Line or Adventures by Disney Travel Services, Inc., online at Disney sites or through other eligible travel agents or sites, and charged to your Disney Visa Credit Card prior to commencement of your vacation. Other restrictions and exclusions apply. Please refer to the Pricing & TermsOpens pricing and terms in new window for pricing details. You will receive complete terms and conditions for this offer once you become a cardmember.

Disney Theme Park & Resort Perks
Offers and offer elements including, but not limited to, participating locations and eligible items, are subject to availability, capacity limitations, closures and additional restrictions and exclusions, may change or be canceled without notice, and are not guaranteed. Must use your valid Disney Visa Card and/or Disney Rewards Redemption Card as form(s) of payment at the time of purchase for full amount of purchase to receive special offers. Merchandise discount may not be available for certain items and at certain locations including Disneyland® Resort and Walt Disney World® Resort Operating Participant locations and any other locations or kiosks that are not owned or operated by the owners of the Disneyland® Resort or Walt Disney World® Resort. To receive a merchandise discount, you must mention the specific offer. For entry into the Disney, Heroic Encounter or Star Wars Cardmember Photo Opportunities, you must present your valid Disney Visa Card. Not valid in combination with other offers, discounts, promotions or with any previous purchase. Minimum purchase and/or separate Theme Park admission and Theme Park reservation may be required. Offers are for personal use only and may not be transferred or resold. Chase is not responsible or liable for fulfillment of these Disney Theme Park and Resort perks.

Merchandise Savings at Disney Store
10% Off Purchases for Disney Visa Cardmembers Promotion Restrictions: Valid on select, in-stock merchandise purchased at Disney Store and Disney Outlet Store locations in the U.S., and at DisneyStore.comOpens overlay (online or via phone orders). Not valid on purchases made at Disney Parks and Resorts locations or on Disney Store merchandise purchased from other retailers or using third party websites. Must use your valid Disney Visa Card and/or Disney Rewards Redemption Card as the form(s) of payment at the time of purchase for full amount of purchase and mention this offer in-store or enter the promo code DRVCMEMBER online, prior to checkout, into the “Add Promotion Code” area and click the “Apply” button. Offer excludes sales tax, shipping & handling charges, gift wrap & gift box charges, personalization charges, Disney Theme Park Tickets, Disney Gift Cards, Disney+ Gift Cards, art & collectibles, books, electronic toys, limited edition & special edition merchandise, items related to a charitable promotion, items from the following brands and collections: Barefoot Dreams, BaubleBar, Bluey, Columbia, CRISLU, D23 Merchandise, Define Me, Disney’s Fairy Tale Weddings Rings, Doorables, Harveys, Hasbro Marvel Legends & Star Wars: The Black Series, Hasbro Youth Toys, Havaianas, Hot Toys, Janie & Jack, LEGO, Lilly Pulitzer, Lionel, Lorcana, Mattel, Milk Snob, Monica + Andy, PANDORA, Pandora® Jewelry, Petunia Pickle Bottom, Pleasing, Project Orange, Robosen, Royal Selangor, RSVLTS, Sigma Beauty, Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge Legacy Lightsaber Hilts, select Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge merchandise, Steiff, Tiana’s Bayou Adventure, and Vera Bradley. Additional exclusions may apply. Visit DisneyStore.com/DRVCPerkDetailsOpens overlay for the most current list of exclusions and any updates to these offer terms. Offer cannot be combined with any other offer or discount, except available shipping offers. No adjustments to prior purchases. Valid packing slip or receipt required for returns or exchanges, which will be subject to discount taken at the time of purchase. Offer subject to restrictions and to change without notice. Promotion may not be redeemed for cash, sold, or altered. Internet distribution is strictly prohibited. Use of offer or Promotion Code DRVCMEMBER constitutes acceptance of these offer terms. Void where prohibited. Chase is not responsible or liable for fulfillment of this offer.

Merchandise Savings at Disney Theme Parks & Resorts
Offer and offer elements including, but not limited to, participating locations and eligible items, are subject to availability, capacity limitations, closures, and additional restrictions and exclusions, may change or be canceled without notice, and are not guaranteed. Must use your valid Disney Visa Card and/or Disney Rewards Redemption Card as form(s) of payment at the time of purchase for full amount of purchase and mention this offer. Discount is not valid on previous purchases or on purchases of the following: ticket media, Disney Gift Cards, Theme Park admission, arcades, tobacco, alcohol, outdoor vending (e.g., in-Park balloon vendors, glow vendors), Add-a-Dollar (Disney Conservation Fund), postage stamps, rentals (e.g., strollers, ECVs), personalization, Lightning Lane Single Pass, Lightning Lane Multi Pass, Disney PhotoPass® purchases (e.g., purchases through any application, website or onsite sales location), Disney PhotoPass+, Disney PhotoPass+ One Day and Disney PhotoPass+ One Week, Memory Maker and Memory Maker One Day, Capture Your Moment and other photo sessions requiring reservations, select print packages, original or consignment art, select limited editions, select collectibles, select specialized toys, select specialty items (including, without limitation, one-of-a-kind art, Disney-branded original art, celebrity memorabilia, framed Disney Dollars, Artist Sketch Program, framed Disney Gift Cards, framed ticket media, Walt Disney Classics Collection, handmade products (physically touched by an artist/vendor) and artist-signed Vinylmation), purchase-with-purchase offers, select reusable shopping bags, newspapers/periodicals, books, sundries, pantry/prepared foods, kitchen products, digital/video/disposable cameras, consumer electronics (including, without limitation, DVDs, CDs, and software media), Guerlain treatments and cosmetics, Lladró®, Swarovski® Crystal, Tiffany & Co.® Jewelry, Bvlgari®, handmade items, special orders, live auction artwork, select product launches, select premium branded items, Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique (at Walt Disney World® Resort and onboard Disney Cruise Line), Savi's Workshop - Handbuilt Lightsabers, and Droid Depot packages, phone, internet, email or mail order purchases, shipping or taxes. Discount is not available at the following locations at the Disneyland® Resort: Games of Pixar Pier, Silhouette Studio, Portrait Artists, face painting locations, letter brush art locations, any other locations that are not owned or operated by the owners of the Disneyland® Resort except for Arribas Brothers Crystal Shops (Crystal Arts and Cristal d'Orleans), or at any Downtown Disney® District location other than Curl Surf, World of Disney® Store, Disney Home, WonderGround Gallery, Marceline's Confectionery, Disney's Pin Traders, The Disney Dress Shop, Avengers Reserve, Disney Storyland Boutique, Disney Wonderful World of Sweets and Star WarsTM Trading Post. Discount is not available at the following locations at Walt Disney World® Resort: games, Cast Connection, Disney's Character Premiere, Disney's Character Warehouse or Walt Disney World® Resort Operating Participant locations and any other locations or kiosks that are not owned or operated by the owners of the Walt Disney World® Resort, except for ALOHA Collection, Arribas Brothers locations (Crystal Arts by Arribas Brothers, Crystal Arts stores and kiosks), Balocoloc Venetian Masks at La Gemma Elegante, Basin®, Basin White®, The Boathouse, Chapel Hats, Columbia Sportswear Company, Crown & Crest, Good Fortune Gifts and House of Good Fortune, Frontera Cucina, Joffrey's coffee/tea kiosks and Tea Traders Café by Joffrey's, Just Fun Socks, Levi's®, Luxury of Time, M&M Store, Sanuk, Shop for Ireland at Raglan RoadTM, Sperry, Stance, and Sugarboo & Co. Not valid in combination with other offers, discounts or promotions. Separate Theme Park admission and Theme Park reservation may be required. Discount is for personal use only and may not be transferred or used to purchase merchandise with the intent to resell the merchandise.

Merchandise Savings Onboard Disney Cruise Line
10% off select merchandise purchases. Offer and offer elements are subject to availability, capacity limitations, cruise cancellations, and additional restrictions, may change or be canceled without notice, and are not guaranteed. Discount is not valid on previous purchases or on purchases of Port Adventures (Excursions), photos and photo packages, trunk shows, fine jewelry and timepieces, Disney Gift Cards, tobacco, alcohol, Add-a-Dollar (Disney Conservation Fund), postage stamps, original or consignment art, select limited editions, select specialty items, purchase-with-purchase offers, newspapers/periodicals, DVDs, CDs, sundries, kitchen production/prepared foods, digital/video/disposable cameras, consumer electronics, National branded fragrances, treatments and cosmetics, select collectibles, handmade items, Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique, themed experiences (e.g., Royal Court, Royal Tea), shipping or taxes, or on phone, email, online or mail order purchases, or at merchandise locations located at Disney Castaway Cay. In order to receive special Disney Cruise Line perks, valid Disney Visa Card must be designated for all onboard purchases at time of purchase for sailings through 12/31/26. Cannot be combined with any other offers or discounts including Cast Member, Castaway Club, and Disney Vacation Club® offers or discounts, and is for personal use only. Ships' Registry: The Bahamas. Chase is not responsible or liable for fulfillment of this offer.

Dining Savings at Disney Parks & Resorts
Offer and offer elements including, but not limited to, participating locations and eligible food and beverages, are subject to availability, capacity limitations, closures, and additional restrictions and exclusions, may change or be canceled without notice, and are not guaranteed. Offer excludes alcoholic beverages, select new food and beverage offerings, merchandise, tobacco, room service, holiday buffets, tax and gratuity. Must use your valid Disney Visa Card and/or Disney Rewards Redemption Card at time of purchase for full amount of purchase. Discount valid at the following Walt Disney World® Resort restaurant locations: Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge & Villas: Boma - Flavors of Africa, Jiko - The Cooking Place (see restrictions), and Sanaa; Disney's Beach Club Resort: Beaches and Cream and Cape May Cafe; Disney's BoardWalk Inn & Villas: Flying Fish (see restrictions); Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort: Sebastian's Bistro; Disney's Contemporary Resort: Steakhouse 71; Disney's Coronado Springs Resort: Three Bridges Bar & Grill and Toledo - Tapas, Steak & Seafood; Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa: Citricos (see restrictions), Grand Floridian Cafe, and Narcoossee's (see restrictions); Disney's Old Key West Resort: Olivia's Cafe; Disney's Polynesian Village Resort: Kona Cafe; Disney's Port Orleans Resort: Boatwrights Dining Hall; Disney's Saratoga Springs Resort & Spa: The Turf Club Bar and Grill; Disney's Wilderness Lodge: Whispering Canyon Cafe; Disney's Yacht Club Resort: Ale & Compass Restaurant and Yachtsman Steakhouse; Disney's Animal Kingdom® Theme Park: Tiffins; Disney's Hollywood Studios®: Roundup Rodeo BBQ, Sci-Fi Dine-In Theater Restaurant, and The Hollywood Brown Derby (see restrictions); EPCOT®: Biergarten Restaurant (see restrictions), Coral Reef Restaurant, Le Cellier Steakhouse, Rose & Crown Dining Room, and Spice Road Table; Magic Kingdom® Park: Crystal Palace, Diamond Horseshoe, Jungle Navigation Co. Ltd. Skipper Canteen, Liberty Tree Tavern, The Plaza Restaurant, and Tony's Town Square Restaurant. For locations where it is noted to see restrictions, the discount does not apply to the following dates: 11/27/2025, 12/25/2025, 12/28/2025, 12/29/2025, 12/30/2025, 12/31/2025, 1/1/2026, 1/2/2026, 2/13/2026, 2/14/2026, 2/15/2026, 4/3/2026, 4/4/2026, and 4/5/2026. Discount valid at the following Disneyland® Resort restaurant locations, subject to location availability: Disneyland® Park: Cafe Orleans, Carnation Café, The Golden Horseshoe, Harbour Galley, Plaza Inn, River Belle Terrace, Royal Street Veranda, and Troubadour Tavern; Disney California Adventure® Park: Carthay Circle Lounge – Alfresco Dining, Cocina Cucamonga Mexican Grill, Lucky Fortune Cookery, Paradise Garden Grill, Sonoma Terrace, Studio Catering Co., and Wine Country Trattoria; Disney's Grand Californian Hotel® & Spa: GCH Craftsman Bar and Storytellers Café; Disneyland® Hotel: Goofy's Kitchen and Palm Breeze Bar. Discount valid at the following Disney's Vero Beach Resort restaurant location: Wind & Waves Grill. Subject to restaurant availability, operating hours and closures. Reservations may be required. Not valid in combination with other offers, discounts or promotions. Separate Theme Park admission and Theme Park reservation may be required. Discount is for personal use only and may not be transferred or resold.

Guided Tour Savings at Disney Parks
Offers and offer elements including, but not limited to, participating guided tours and recreation experiences, are subject to availability, capacity limitations, closures, and additional restrictions and exclusions, may change or be canceled without notice, and are not guaranteed. Must use your valid Disney Visa Card and/or Disney Rewards Redemption Card as form(s) of payment at the time of purchase for full amount of purchase. Most guided tours require separate Theme Park admission and Theme Park reservations. Cardmember must participate in the guided tour or recreation experiences. Guided tours and recreation experiences can be booked for up to 10 total Guests (inclusive of the cardmember). Some guided tours and recreation experiences have age and other restrictions. Wild Africa Trek; block out dates 11/27/2025, 12/25/2025, 12/28/2025, 12/29/2025, 12/30/2025, 12/31/2025, 1/1/2026, 1/2/2026, 2/13/2026, 2/14/2026, 2/15/2026, 4/3/2026, 4/4/2026, and 4/5/2026. Not valid in combination with other offers, discounts, promotions or with any previous purchase. Guided tour and recreation experience reservations are for personal use only and may not be transferred or resold. 

Following is a list of guided tours that are included at the Disneyland® Resort: 

A Story of Celebration: 70th Anniversary Guided Tour (offered seasonally) 
Disney’s Happiest Haunts Tour (offered seasonally) 
Holiday Time at the Disneyland® Resort Guided Tour (offered seasonally) 
Disneyland® Railroad Guided Tour (offered seasonally) 

Following is a list of guided tours that are included at Walt Disney World® Resort:

Magic Kingdom® Park
Disney's Keys to the Kingdom Tour

EPCOT®
EPCOT® Seas Adventures - DiveQuest
Behind the Seeds

Disney's Animal Kingdom® Theme Park
Caring for Giants
Up Close with Rhinos
Wild Africa Trek (block out dates apply)
Savor the Savanna: Evening Safari Experience

Multiple Theme Parks, Backstage Areas and Resort Hotels
Starlight Safari at Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge
Wilderness Back Trail Adventure

Following is a list of recreation experiences that are included at Walt Disney World® Resort: 

Carriage Rides at Disney’s Port Orleans Resort and Disney’s Fort Wilderness Resort & Campground
Horseback Trail Rides at Disney’s Fort Wilderness Resort & Campground

Discounts are not available on the following tours at Walt Disney World® Resort: Premium VIP tours, programs exclusive to groups, group team building programs.

Cardmember Photo Opportunities
The Disneyland® Resort Cardmember Photo Opportunities are offered daily during set hours-the Disney Cardmember Photo Opportunity and Heroic Encounter Photo Opportunity are at Disney California Adventure® Park and the Star Wars Cardmember Photo Opportunity is at Disneyland® Park. The Walt Disney World® Resort Cardmember Photo Opportunities are offered daily during set hours-the Disney Cardmember Photo Opportunity is at EPCOT® and the Star Wars Cardmember Photo Opportunity is at Disney's Hollywood Studios®. Separate Theme Park admission and Theme Park reservation required for each Cardmember Photo Opportunity. Must present a valid Disney Visa Card for entry for up to 6 people per cardmember account (each cardmember account may be used for entry only one time per day). Operating times, days of the week, locations and appearance of Characters (digitally or physically, as applicable) may vary and are subject to restrictions and change or cancellation without notice. Offer includes complimentary downloads of your Disney PhotoPass® photos taken at the Disney Visa Cardmember Photo Opportunity location that are associated to your Disney account. To access complimentary downloads of your Disney PhotoPass® photos taken at the Disney Visa Cardmember Photo Opportunity location at the Disneyland® Resort, go to the Disneyland app or Disneyland.com/PhotoPassOpens overlay or at the location at Walt Disney World® Resort, go to the My Disney Experience app or DisneyWorld.com/PhotoPassOpens overlay, and then log-in using your existing account or create an account. MagicBands or other media scanned by the photographer at the time of capture must be linked to your My Disney Experience Profile at Walt Disney World® Resort or linked to your Disneyland® Resort account, or you may claim Disney PhotoPass® cards provided to you by the photographer by entering the Disney PhotoPass® ID number found on the back of your Disney PhotoPass® card. One photo session per valid cardmember account per day. Offer not valid for photos taken at other Disney PhotoPass® locations or attractions photos. Disney PhotoPass® service is subject to the Disney PhotoPass® Terms & Conditions and expiration policy at Disneyland.disney.go.com/PhotoPass-terms-conditionsOpens overlay or DisneyWorld.disney.go.com/PhotoPass-terms-conditionsOpens overlay, as applicable. Not responsible for missing, lost or damaged photos. Not valid in combination with other offers, discounts or promotions. Offer is for personal use only and may not be transferred or resold. Please visit DisneyRewards.com/ParkPerksOpens overlay for additional information.

Cardmembers Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time: Eligible cardmembers are those with access to Chase Pay Over Time who use a participating Chase credit card for eligible purchases. Access to Chase Pay Over Time is not guaranteed, is based on a variety of factors such as creditworthiness, credit limit and account behavior, and may change from time to time. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time After Purchase: Participating Chase credit cards include most consumer credit cards and select small business credit cards. For a complete list of participating Chase credit cards, see "Which Chase credit cards are eligible to use Chase Pay Over Time after a purchase is made" at chase.com/personal/credit-cards/chasepayovertime/faqs/after-purchaseOpens in a new window. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time at checkout on Amazon.com: Participating Chase credit cards include all credit cards except small business credit cards, Amazon Visa and Prime Visa cards, and Chase Mastercard credit cards.

Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time Set Up After Purchase: Purchases of at least $100 are eligible, excluding certain transactions such as (a) cash-like transactions, (b) any fees owed to us, including Annual Membership Fees, and (c) purchases made under a separate promotion or special finance program. Eligible purchases will be identified within your transaction history on chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile App. Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time at Checkout on Amazon.com: Orders totaling at least $50 of eligible items on Amazon.com are eligible. Amazon may designate any item as ineligible, such as Amazon Fresh, Whole Foods, Amazon Prime Now, 1-Click Purchases and Subscribe & Save. If your order includes a recurring subscription, then only the first month's subscription fee will be eligible. If available for your account, the option to choose "financing offers available" will appear at checkout.

Complimentary DashPass: When the membership is activated for the first time with a Disney Inspire Card between 02/01/2025 and 12/31/2027, you will receive 12 months of complimentary DashPass for use on both the DoorDash and Caviar applications during the same membership period based on the first activation date. After the complimentary DashPass membership period ends, you will continue to be enrolled and will be automatically charged the then-current monthly DashPass rate (plus applicable tax) on a recurring monthly basis for each membership activated until you cancel. You can cancel anytime on DoorDash or Caviar. The same log in credentials must be used on DoorDash and Caviar in order for the DashPass benefit to be used on both applications. To receive the membership benefits, the cardmember must first add their applicable Chase credit card as a default payment method on DoorDash or Caviar, and then click the activation button. Once enrolled in DashPass, you must use your Disney Inspire Card for payment at checkout for DashPass-eligible orders to receive DashPass benefits. DashPass benefits apply only to eligible orders from DashPass-eligible merchants that meet the minimum subtotal requirement (as stated in the DoorDash and Caviar apps and sites with amounts subject to change). However, other fees (including service fee), taxes, and gratuity on orders may apply. Current value of the DashPass membership is as of 02/01/2025. DashPass orders are subject to delivery driver and geographic availability. Membership must be activated with a United States address. Payment through third-party payment accounts, or online or mobile digital wallets (like Apple Pay and Google Pay), or memberships purchased through third parties are excluded from this offer. If you product change to another Chase credit card during the promotional period, your benefits may change. You may experience a delay in updating your applicable benefits on DoorDash or Caviar; please note, once you product trade, the benefits from your previous credit card are no longer available for your use. You can only access the benefits available with your current credit card. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by DoorDash or Caviar are not within Chase's control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash or Caviar benefits and services. Your applicable Chase credit card account must be open and not in default to maintain membership benefits. See full DoorDash terms and conditions at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens overlay.

Earn Up to $10 Off Quarterly on DoorDash Non-Restaurant Orders: Once you have activated your Disney Inspire Card DashPass membership, you will receive a $10 off discount each calendar quarter at checkout on one qualifying non-restaurant order on DoorDash as long as you remain enrolled in a DashPass membership. Discount applies to subtotal only; does not apply to fees, taxes, and gratuity. Fees, taxes, and gratuity still apply. To claim, select the discount from the promotion wallet at checkout, or claim the discount when prompted in the DoorDash app or website. If the full $10 value is not used on a single order, the remaining value will be forfeited. You must use the card used to enroll in your Disney Inspire Card DashPass membership as your payment method at order checkout to receive this discount. This discount may be combined with other order-level promotions, discounts, or deals. The quarterly discount will be made available to you in your DoorDash account at the beginning of each quarter and will only be available on that platform for the remainder of that calendar quarter; the quarterly discount will not roll over into a subsequent quarter. Once redeemed, the discount will not be refunded to the user regardless of whether the user otherwise receives a refund or credits back on their order. Not valid for the purchase of gift cards. Not valid on alcohol in some states. Limit one redemption per quarter per person. Valid in the U.S. only. Discount has no cash value and is non-transferable. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash benefits and services. Credit card product changes during the promotional period will forfeit this offer. Additional DoorDash promotional terms and conditions available at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens overlay.

All deliveries subject to availability. Must have or create a valid DoorDash account. Qualifying orders containing alcohol will be charged a $0.01 Delivery Fee. No cash value. Non-transferable. See full terms and conditions at: help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditionsOpens overlay.

Amazon, the Amazon.com logo, the smile logo, and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.comOpens overlay, Inc. or its affiliates.

The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.

Deposit and credit card products provided by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC

Disney Rewards, LLC and its affiliates are not affiliates of Chase or DoorDash, and are not responsible for offer fulfillment.

© Disney and its related entities.