Offer Details
Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply.

This credit card is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months.

3% Cash Back Total on Dining Purchases for New Cardmembers: You’ll earn 3% cash back total for each $1 spent on purchases in the dining category (dining at restaurants including takeout and eligible delivery services) made within your first 6 months from account opening, or until you reach $6,000 in dining purchases, whichever occurs first. That’s 1.5% additional cash back on top of the 1.5% cash back earned on each purchase in the rewards program. Additional cash back will appear on your billing statement in a separate line from base cash back. See Earning in the Rewards Program for more information about earning cash back.

$25 Statement Credit After You Set Up Automatic Payments In The First 3 Months From Account Opening:  You will qualify for and receive your $25 statement credit if you set up automatic payments during the first 3 months from account opening and remain enrolled for at least 90 consecutive days. After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for statement credit to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. The value of this offer or program may result in miscellaneous income received from Chase and we may be required to send you, and file with the IRS, a Form 1099-MISC (Miscellaneous Information) or Form 1042-S (Foreign Person's U.S. Source Income Subject to Withholding) for the year in which you participate and are awarded the benefits of the offer/program. You are responsible for any tax liability related to participating in the offer/program. Please consult your own tax advisor if you have any questions about how this could affect your taxes.

Earning in the Rewards Program: "Cash Back rewards" are the rewards you earn under the program. Cash Back rewards are tracked as points and each $1 in Cash Back rewards earned is equal to 100 points. How you can earn points: You'll earn points on purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds, made with a Chase Freedom Rise credit card by you or an authorized user of the account. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 1.5% Cash Back: You'll earn 1.5% Cash Back rewards for each $1 spent. How you can use your points: You can use your points to redeem for any available reward options, including cash, gift cards, travel, and pay with points for products or services made available through the program or directly from third parties. Redemption values for reward options vary. Points expiration/losing points: Your points don't expire as long as your account remains open, however, you will immediately lose all your points if your account status changes, or your account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. For more information about the Chase Freedom Rise rewards program, you can see the latest Rewards Program Agreement at chase.com/freedomrise/rewardsagreementOpens in a new window and it will also be available for cardmembers after logging in to chase.com/ultimaterewardsOpens in a new window and will be mailed for new or changed accounts.

Increase Your Approval Chances: Applicants who have never had a credit card, including as an authorized user, can improve their likelihood of approval for the Chase Freedom Rise credit card by having any Chase checking and/or savings account(s) with a combined available balance of at least $250 ("qualifying funds"). The eligible Chase account(s) must be open prior to submitting the credit card application and qualifying funds must be deposited into the eligible Chase account(s) and available within 4 days of submitting the application, including weekends (submitted applications will remain in pending status for up to 4 days until qualifying funds are available). Having eligible Chase account(s) with qualifying funds is neither a requirement nor guarantee of approval for the Chase Freedom Rise credit card, accounts are always subject to credit approval.

Zero Liability: Zero Liability Protection does not apply to use of an account by an authorized user without the approval of the primary cardmember. If you think someone used your account without permission, tell us immediately by calling the Cardmember Services number on your card or billing statement.

Account Alerts: Delivery of alerts may be delayed for various reasons including technology failures and capacity limitations. There is no charge from Chase, but message and data rates may apply.

Chase Mobile App: Chase Mobile® app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply.

Amazon Shop With Points: When using points at checkout, each point is worth $0.008, which means that 100 points equals $0.80 in redemption value.

Amazon.com Shop with Points service terms applyOpens overlay

Amazon, the Amazon.com logo, the smile logo, Kindle, Echo, Alexa, Fire, Ring, and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.comOpens overlay, Inc. or its affiliates.

Complimentary 6 months of DashPass: When the membership is activated for the first time between 02/01/2025 and 12/31/2027, your Chase Freedom Rise account will receive 6 months of complimentary DashPass for use on both the DoorDash and Caviar applications during the same membership period based on the first activation date. After your complimentary period ends, you will continue to be enrolled and will be automatically charged the then-current monthly DashPass rate (plus applicable tax) on a recurring monthly basis until you cancel. You can cancel anytime on DoorDash or Caviar. Membership will be registered in the name of the primary cardmember or an authorized user, whoever activates the benefit first. The same log in credentials must be used on DoorDash and Caviar in order for the DashPass benefit to be used on both applications. To receive the membership benefits, the primary cardmember and authorized user(s) must first add their applicable Chase credit card as a default payment method on DoorDash or Caviar, and then click the activation button. Once enrolled in DashPass, you must use your Chase Freedom Rise card for payment at checkout for DashPass-eligible orders to receive DashPass benefits. DashPass benefits apply only to eligible orders from DashPass-eligible merchants that meet the minimum subtotal (as stated in the DoorDash and Caviar apps and sites with amounts subject to change). However, other fees (including service fee), taxes, and gratuity on orders may apply. Current value of the DashPass membership is as of 02/01/2025. DashPass orders are subject to delivery driver and geographic availability. Membership must be activated with a United States address. Payment through third-party payment accounts, or online or mobile digital wallets (like Apple Pay and Google Pay), or memberships purchased through third parties are excluded from this offer. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by DoorDash or Caviar are not within Chase’s control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash or Caviar benefits and services. If you product change to another Chase credit card during the promotional period, your benefits may change. You may experience a delay in updating your applicable benefits in the DoorDash application; please note, once you product trade, the benefits from your previous credit card are no longer available for your use. Your applicable Chase credit card account must be open and not in default to maintain membership benefits. See full DoorDash terms and conditions at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens Overlay.

Earn Up to $10 Off Quarterly on DoorDash Non-Restaurant Orders: Once you have activated your Chase Freedom, Chase Freedom Unlimited, Chase Freedom Student, Chase Freedom Flex, or Chase Freedom Rise DashPass membership, you will receive a $10 off discount each calendar quarter at checkout on one qualifying non-restaurant order on DoorDash as long as you remain enrolled in a DashPass membership. Discount applies to subtotal only; does not apply to fees, taxes, and gratuity. Fees, taxes, and gratuity still apply. To claim, select the discount from the promotion wallet at checkout, or claim the discount when prompted in the DoorDash app or website. If the full $10 value is not used on a single order, the remaining value will be forfeited. You must use the card used to enroll in your Chase Freedom, Chase Freedom Unlimited, Chase Freedom Student, Chase Freedom Flex, or Chase Freedom Rise DashPass membership as your payment method at order checkout to receive this discount. This discount may be combined with other order-level promotions, discounts, or deals. The quarterly discount will be made available to you in your DoorDash account at the beginning of each quarter and will only be available on that platform for the remainder of that calendar quarter; the quarterly discount will not roll over into a subsequent quarter. Once redeemed, the discount will not be refunded to the user regardless of whether the user otherwise receives a refund or credits back on their order. Not valid for the purchase of gift cards. Not valid on alcohol in some states. Limit one redemption per quarter per person. Valid in the U.S. only. Discount has no cash value and is non-transferable. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash benefits and services. Credit card product changes during the promotional period will forfeit this offer. Additional DoorDash promotional terms and conditions available at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens Overlay.

All deliveries subject to availability. Must have or create a valid DoorDash account. Qualifying orders containing alcohol will be charged a $0.01 Delivery Fee. No cash value. Non-transferable. See full terms and conditions at: help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditionsOpens overlay.

2% Cash Back Offer on Lyft Purchases: You’ll earn 2% cash back total on qualifying Lyft products and services purchased through the Lyft mobile application through 09/30/2027. That’s 0.5% additional cash back on top of the 1.5% cash back earned on each purchase in the rewards program. Qualifying Lyft products and services include rideshare; bike and scooter rides; and subscription and membership products. Purchase of gift cards, car rentals, vehicle service centers, miscellaneous fees, and other Lyft products and services are excluded from this promotion. Future Lyft products or services may not be eligible. Additional cash back will appear on your billing statement in a separate line from base cash back. Lyft is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, Chase benefits or services. See Earning in the Rewards ProgramOpens in a new window for more information about earning cash back.

The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.

Deposit and credit card products are provided by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC

Chase Freedom Rise credit cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Offer subject to change.