Offer Details
Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply.
 
This credit card is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of any personal IHG One Rewards Credit Card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of any personal IHG One Rewards Credit Card who received a new cardmember bonus for any personal IHG One Rewards Credit Card within the last 24 months. 

New Cardmember Bonus – 140,000 Points: To qualify, you must make $3,000 in purchases during the first 3 months from account opening. After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus to post to your IHG One Rewards account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, your credit card account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services. However, the following types of transactions won’t count as purchases: balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions; lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions; person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. Chase may close your credit card account or suspend your right to use your credit card account, at any time for any reason, including account inactivity.

Points to Nights: Some properties are subject to resort fees. IHG hotel prices are not static and fluctuate day-to-day. As a result the number of IHG One Rewards points that must be redeemed for a Reward Night will also vary from day-to-day and will be different at different hotels.

10,000 Bonus Points After You Add An Authorized User In The First 3 Months From Account Opening: You will qualify and receive 10,000 bonus points after your addition of an authorized user to your account during the first 3 months from account opening. 10,000 bonus points will only be awarded once, for the first authorized user added to your account regardless of how many total authorized users you add to your account. After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default, and authorized user must be on your account at the time of fulfillment.

Adding Authorized Users: All correspondence, including credit cards, statements, and notifications will be sent to the name and address on file for the primary cardmember. The primary cardmember is responsible for repaying all balances on this account. Authorized users will have the same charging privileges as the primary cardmember but will not be financially responsible. Chase provides account information to the credit reporting agencies for all account users. This information could impact an authorized user’s credit score. When you tell us to add a user to your account, you’re confirming that you have a relationship with the person or people whose name(s), address(es), and date(s) of birth you’ve told us, that all their information is correct, and that you have their consent to add them. If Chase determines you’ve given us fraudulent name, address, or date of birth information or did not have such consent, Chase can close this account.

Earning in the Rewards Program: You'll earn points on purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds, made with an IHG One Rewards credit card by you or an authorized user of the account. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 10 points ("10X points"): You'll earn 10 points for each $1 spent on qualifying purchases made at hotels participating in IHG One Rewards. Go to ihg.com/termsOpens overlay, as applicable, for a list of hotels participating in IHG One Rewards. You will only receive the accelerated earn of 10 points for each $1 spent from this credit card program. IHG One Rewards is responsible for ensuring all hotels participating in IHG One Rewards are correctly reported to Chase for earn on IHG One Rewards credit card purchases. Additional points received under the IHG One Rewards program for stays at hotels participating in IHG One Rewards will be earned in accordance with the IHG One Rewards Membership Terms and Conditions. 5 points ("5X points"): You'll earn 5 points for each $1 spent on purchases in the following rewards categories: travel (excluding purchases made at hotels participating in IHG One Rewards that qualify for 10 points as described above); gas stations; and dining at restaurants including takeout and eligible delivery services. 3 points ("3X points"): You'll earn 3 points for each $1 spent on all other purchases. Information about earning/transferring points to IHG One Rewards: Points earned during a billing cycle are automatically transferred to IHG One Rewards after the end of each billing cycle. Points expiration: The points transferred to your IHG One Rewards account will not expire as long as there is IHG One Rewards program activity for 12 consecutive months, depending on your status. IHG One Rewards Membership terms and conditions apply. For complete program details, visit ihg.com/termsOpens overlay. Losing points: You'll immediately lose all points that haven't been transferred to IHG One Rewards if your card account status changes, or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. For important information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window. For more information about the IHG One Rewards Premier card rewards program, you can see the latest Rewards Program Agreement at chase.com/ihgonerewardspremiercard/rewardsagreementOpens in a new window and it will also be available for cardmembers after logging in to chase.comOpens in a new window and will be mailed for new or changed accounts.

Earning Points from IHG on Stays: IHG One Rewards members earn on qualifying stays and eligible charges at IHG® Hotels and Resorts in the following manner: Members earn 10 points per $1 spent and Platinum Elite members earn an additional 6 points per $1 spent (60% bonus), except at Candlewood Suites® and Staybridge Suites® where members earn 5 points per $1 spent and Platinum Elite members earn an additional 3 points per $1 spent (60% bonus), IHG® Army Hotels where members earn 3 points per $1 spent and Platinum Elite members earn an additional 1.8 points per $1 spent (60% bonus), and IHG® Residence properties where members earn 2.5 points per $1 spent and Platinum Elite members earn an additional 1.5 points per $1 spent (60% bonus). All point deposits will be totaled and rounded to the nearest whole number. Stays must be booked on a direct IHG® booking channel such as ihg.comOpens overlay in order to qualify. Points earned with your IHG One Rewards membership and Elite status will post directly to your IHG One Rewards account and will not appear on your Chase credit card statement. For complete program details, visit ihg.com/termsOpens overlay.

Platinum Elite Status: As an IHG One Rewards Premier credit cardmember, you qualify for automatic IHG One Rewards Platinum Elite status for as long as you remain a Premier credit cardmember, and as long as your IHG One Rewards membership account remains in good standing. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks after account opening for the automatic Platinum Elite status to be applied to your IHG One Rewards account.

Anniversary Free Night: Anniversary Free Night will be available for redemption on your account anniversary date each year. "Account anniversary date" is the date that is twelve months after your account open date, and the same date each twelve months thereafter. Anniversary Free Night is valid at IHG® Hotels and has a point redemption value of 40,000 points or less (covers one standard room night and tax only), with the ability to add on points from your IHG One Rewards account to redeem your Anniversary Free Night at hotels above the 40,000 point redemption level. Anniversary Free Night must be redeemed, and stay must be completed, within 12 months from date of issue. Visit ihg.comOpens overlay to view current redemption rates. You are responsible for all incidental charges such as parking fees, and payment of mandatory resort fees at properties where resort fees are charged. Rooms are limited, subject to prior sale and availability of allocated resources and may be unavailable during high demand periods. All reservations that will utilize the Anniversary Free Night can be booked online at ihg.comOpens overlay or by calling IHG One Rewards at 1-877-318-5890. Anniversary Free Night may not be transferred, extended beyond the expiration date, redeemed for cash, or re-credited for points. Individual hotel's cancellation policy applies to the use of the Anniversary Free Night. Cancellation fees apply if cancellation is made outside of the hotel's cancellation time period. Anniversary Free Night rules and regulations are subject to change. To receive Anniversary Free Night communications, members must maintain a valid email address in the IHG One Rewards member profile and opt in to receive IHG One Rewards e-communications. Chase is not responsible for offer fulfillment.

$100 statement credit and 10,000 bonus points each calendar year: You'll receive a $100 statement credit and 10,000 bonus points each calendar year during which you spend at least $20,000 in purchases. "Calendar year" means January 1 through December 31 of that same year. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use an IHG One Rewards Premier Credit Card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus points and statement credit to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

Redeem Three Nights, Get Fourth Reward Night Free: For each standard room Reward Night stay of 4 or more nights, every 4th night is free. Applies only to 4 or more consecutive nights within the same Reward Night point redemption room stay at the same property. With this benefit, eligible members will be charged the Reward Night point redemption rate for the first 3 nights, and 0 points for the 4th night of the stay, as applicable. If 4th Reward Night Free reservation is cancelled, or check-out occurs before the 4th night, the 4th Reward Night is forfeited and has no cash or point value. Members can utilize the 4th Reward Night Free benefit on an unlimited number of stays annually. You are responsible for all incidental charges such as parking fees, and payment of mandatory resort fees at properties where resort fees are charged. IHG One Rewards Reward Night terms and conditions apply. Offer does not apply to paid stays or Points & Cash bookings. Chase is not responsible for offer fulfillment.

Diamond Elite Status After $40,000 Annual Spend: Each Calendar Year you make purchases totaling $40,000 or more with an IHG One Rewards Premier Credit Card, you, as the primary cardmember, will qualify for Diamond Elite Status through December 31 of the following year. "Calendar year" means January 1 through December 31 of that same year. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use your card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn IHG One Rewards points: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. Please allow up to 8 weeks after qualifying for the Diamond Elite Status award to be applied to your IHG One Rewards account. To qualify for and maintain Diamond Elite Status your account must be open and not in default. If you do not qualify for this bonus offer, in order to receive Diamond Elite benefits you must qualify for Diamond Elite Status under the terms of the IHG One Rewards program. Only one IHG One Rewards Credit Card account per IHG One Rewards member is eligible for the Diamond Elite Status award. Rewards member must be the primary cardmember on the qualifying credit card account. Chase Bank, N.A. is not responsible for offer fulfillment or the provision of or failure to provide the Diamond Elite benefits and services.

Save 20% on Points Purchased: Save at least 20% on points purchases when you pay for those points with your IHG One Rewards Premier, Premier Business or Traveler Credit Cards. Point purchase amounts are subject to change by IHG One Rewards. These points are Non-Elite Qualifying points. Upon completion of the points purchase, you agree that the total dollar price of the points, minus the discount, will be immediately charged to your credit card. The cost for the points purchased is non-refundable. The 20% discount cannot be combined with any other points purchase offer. Point purchase transactions managed by Points.comOpens overlay.

Early Access to IHG Reward Night Sales: As an IHG One Rewards credit cardmember, you are eligible for early access to Reward Night sales when offered by IHG. Reward Night sales offer a discount off the number of points needed to book a stay if using points only. If using Points & Cash, the discount will be applied to the cash portion. IHG will send communication of these sales via email and discounts will be available when booking three (3) or fewer consecutive Reward Nights at a participating hotel through IHG.comOpens overlay while signed into your IHG One Rewards account. Campaign dates, the early booking period and discount details will be included in the communication sent from IHG. The sales offers and any redemption of points for Reward Nights are subject to the general IHG One Rewards Membership Terms and Conditions, which are available by visiting ihgonerewards.comOpens overlay. Offers are not available to use along with the “Fourth Reward Night Free” cardmember benefit when booking a stay of four (4) or more consecutive Reward Nights. This offer is not from Chase. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits and services.

Global Entry or TSA PreCheck® or NEXUS Application Fee Statement Credit
You will receive one statement credit every four years (up to $120) after the first program (either Global Entry or TSA PreCheck® or NEXUS) application fee is charged to your IHG One Rewards Premier Credit Card, by you or an authorized user. This benefit applies only to the Global Entry, TSA PreCheck® or NEXUS programs, other Trusted Traveler Programs are not eligible. Only purchases made directly with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, eligible partner listed on ttp.cbp.dhs.gov/Opens overlay, or authorized enrollment providers featured on tsa.gov/precheckOpens overlay website are eligible for reimbursement. Purchases made through any third parties, such as travel agencies or application assistance services, are not eligible for reimbursement. The statement credit will appear on your credit card billing statement within 1-2 billing cycles. You are responsible for payment of all charges until the statement credit posts to the account. Chase has no control or liability regarding these programs including, but not limited to, applications, approval process or enrollment, or fees charged by CBP or TSA or DHS. For more information about the Global Entry, TSA PreCheck® and NEXUS programs, including application details and full terms and conditions, go to ttp.cbp.dhs.gov/Opens overlay. Websites and other information provided by government agencies are not within Chase's control and may not be available in Spanish. To receive statement credits, your account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

TSA PreCheck® is a registered trademark and is used with the permission of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.

United Credit: Must be an IHG One Rewards Premier or Premier Business cardmember to be eligible for this benefit. Each calendar year, the primary cardmember will receive one $25 United® TravelBank cash deposit in their United MileagePlus® account on or about January 5, and another $25 United® TravelBank cash deposit on or about July 5, subject to the requirements and restrictions below. Cardmembers must complete a one-time registration to receive this benefit. Registration is available at ihg.com/unitedOpens overlay. The registration must be made through the Cardmember's IHG One Rewards account. Only one registration per IHG® account is permitted. If the cardmember is not already a United MileagePlus® member, they must first enroll in the MileagePlus® program on united.comOpens overlay. If a cardmember's membership in United's MileagePlus® program is terminated, the cardmember will no longer be eligible to receive this benefit. For complete details about the MileagePlus Program, go to united.comOpens overlay.
Please allow up to two (2) weeks after registration for this benefit for the first $25 deposit of United® TravelBank Cash into the cardmember's MileagePlus® account. TravelBank Cash that is received as part of this benefit and deposited between January 1 and June 30 will expire on July 15 of the same calendar year, regardless of deposit date. Deposits made between July 1 and December 31 will expire on January 15 of the following calendar year, regardless of deposit date. Offer subject to change.
United® TravelBank Cash accrued, awards, and benefits issued are subject to change and are subject to the rules of the United® TravelBank program and the rules of the United® MileagePlus Program, which are expressly incorporated herein. United may change the United® TravelBank program including, but not limited to, rules, regulations, travel awards and special offers or terminate the United® TravelBank program at any time and without notice. United® and its subsidiaries, affiliates and agents are not responsible for any products or services of other participating companies and partners. Taxes and fees related to award travel are the responsibility of the member. Earning TravelBank Cash does not count toward qualification for MileagePlus Premier® status. The accumulation of TravelBank Cash does not entitle members to any vested rights with respect to the TravelBank program or MileagePlus program. All calculations made in connection with the TravelBank program, including without limitation with respect to the accumulation of TravelBank Cash, will be made by United® Airlines and MileagePlus in their discretion and such calculations will be considered final. Information in this communication that relates to the TravelBank program does not purport to be complete or comprehensive and may not include all of the information that a member may believe is important, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to all of the information on the united.comOpens overlay website and the TravelBank program rules. United® and MileagePlus are registered service marks. For complete details about the TravelBank program, go to united.comOpens overlay. Chase is not responsible for offer fulfillment.

Complimentary DashPass: When the membership is activated for the first time with an IHG One Rewards Premier Credit Card between 02/01/2025 and 12/31/2027, you will receive 12 months of complimentary DashPass for use on both the DoorDash and Caviar applications during the same membership period based on the first activation date. After the complimentary DashPass membership period ends, you will continue to be enrolled and will be automatically charged the then-current monthly DashPass rate (plus applicable tax) on a recurring monthly basis for each membership activated until you cancel. You can cancel anytime on DoorDash or Caviar. The same log in credentials must be used on DoorDash and Caviar in order for the DashPass benefit to be used on both applications. To receive the membership benefits, the cardmember must first add their applicable Chase credit card as a default payment method on DoorDash or Caviar, and then click the activation button. Once enrolled in DashPass, you must use your IHG One Rewards Premier Credit Card for payment at checkout for DashPass-eligible orders to receive DashPass benefits. DashPass benefits apply only to eligible orders from DashPass-eligible merchants that meet the minimum subtotal requirement (as stated in the DoorDash and Caviar apps and sites with amounts subject to change). However, other fees (including service fee), taxes, and gratuity on orders may apply. Current value of the DashPass membership is as of 02/01/2025. DashPass orders are subject to delivery driver and geographic availability. Membership must be activated with a United States address. Payment through third-party payment accounts, or online or mobile digital wallets (like Apple Pay and Google Pay), or memberships purchased through third parties are excluded from this offer. If you product change to another Chase credit card during the promotional period, your benefits may change. You may experience a delay in updating your applicable benefits on DoorDash or Caviar; please note, once you product trade, the benefits from your previous credit card are no longer available for your use. You can only access the benefits available with your current credit card. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by DoorDash or Caviar are not within Chase's control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash or Caviar benefits and services. Your applicable Chase credit card account must be open and not in default to maintain membership benefits. See full DoorDash terms and conditions at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens overlay.

Earn Up to $10 Off Quarterly on DoorDash Non-Restaurant Orders: Once you have activated your IHG One Rewards Premier Credit Card DashPass membership, you will receive a $10 off discount each calendar quarter at checkout on one qualifying non-restaurant order on DoorDash as long as you remain enrolled in a DashPass membership. Discount applies to subtotal only; does not apply to fees, taxes, and gratuity. Fees, taxes, and gratuity still apply. To claim, select the discount from the promotion wallet at checkout, or claim the discount when prompted in the DoorDash app or website. If the full $10 value is not used on a single order, the remaining value will be forfeited. You must use the card used to enroll in your IHG One Rewards Premier Credit Card DashPass membership as your payment method at order checkout to receive this discount. This discount may be combined with other order-level promotions, discounts, or deals. The quarterly discount will be made available to you in your DoorDash account at the beginning of each quarter and will only be available on that platform for the remainder of that calendar quarter; the quarterly discount will not roll over into a subsequent quarter. Once redeemed, the discount will not be refunded to the user regardless of whether the user otherwise receives a refund or credits back on their order. Not valid for the purchase of gift cards. Not valid on alcohol in some states. Limit one redemption per quarter per person. Valid in the U.S. only. Discount has no cash value and is non-transferable. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash benefits and services. Credit card product changes during the promotional period will forfeit this offer. Additional DoorDash promotional terms and conditions available at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens overlay.

All deliveries subject to availability. Must have or create a valid DoorDash account. Qualifying orders containing alcohol will be charged a $0.01 Delivery Fee. No cash value. Non-transferable. See full terms and conditions at: help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditionsOpens overlay.

Three (3) Months of Complimentary Instacart+ Membership: You will receive one complimentary Instacart+ membership per eligible card account for three (3) months when the membership is activated on https://www.instacart.com/p/chase-cobrandsOpens overlay for the first time with your IHG One Rewards Premier Credit Card between 5/1/2025 and 12/31/2027. (“You” and “your” mean you as the primary cardmember or any authorized user, depending on which user activates first.) This offer is non-transferrable. Membership must be activated with a United States address. Payment through third-party payment accounts, or online or mobile digital wallets (like Apple Pay and Google Wallet), or memberships purchased through third parties are excluded from this offer. Benefits of Instacart+ Membership include $0 delivery fees and reduced service fees. Other fees (including service fee), taxes, and gratuity on orders may apply. Delivery subject to availability. If you do not currently have a paid or trial Instacart+ membership, by activating your Instacart+ membership, you agree to the Instacart+ Terms and you agree that after the complimentary Instacart+ membership period ends, you will be automatically enrolled in an annual Instacart+ membership and billed at $99/year or the then current annual Instacart+ membership rate for each membership activated, billed automatically to any active card on file, unless you cancel during your complimentary Instacart+ membership period. You may cancel your paid subscription by selecting “Cancel Membership” on the “Your Instacart+ Membership” page. You will receive a refund if you cancel within 5 days of the start of the paid membership term and you have not placed any orders with Instacart+ nor activated the New York Times Cooking subscription offer.
If you currently have a paid Instacart+ membership, you agree that your existing membership will be paused for the duration of this benefit and resume upon expiration. Unless auto renew is turned off or not selected, your existing membership will automatically renew based on the Instacart+ Terms previously agreed upon unless you cancel. Your membership fees of $99/year or $9.99/month, depending on which plan you are enrolled in, will be billed to any active payment method on file until you cancel. You can cancel your Instacart+ membership prior to the end of your complimentary Instacart+ membership period or at any time thereafter. You may cancel your paid subscription by selecting “Cancel Membership” on the “Your Instacart+ Membership” page. You will receive a refund if you cancel within 5 days of the start of the paid membership term and you have not placed any orders with Instacart+ nor activated the New York Times Cooking subscription offer. If you have a trial Instacart+ membership, you agree that your complimentary 3-month membership will commence after the conclusion of your trial Instacart+ membership and you agree to the Instacart+ Terms, and you authorize a charge of $99/year, for an annual membership, to be billed automatically to any active card on file after your complimentary 3-month membership ends. Your membership will automatically renew every year to any active payment method you have on file until you cancel. Subscription prices are subject to change. If you change to another Chase credit card during the promotional period, your benefits may change. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by Instacart are not within Chase’s control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, Instacart benefits and services. Your complimentary membership benefits may be removed if your eligible credit card account is closed or in default. Instacart is not a retailer or seller.

Receive one $10 credit per month in the Instacart App: As an IHG One Rewards Premier Credit Card Primary cardmember, you can receive one $10 credit in your Instacart account each month you have an active Instacart+ membership after you activate your complimentary Chase Instacart+ membership using your eligible Chase credit card on https://www.instacart.com/p/chase-cobrandsOpens overlay from 5/1/2025 through 12/31/2027. The monthly credit will be made available to you in your Instacart+ account at the beginning of each month and will only be available on that platform for the remainder of that calendar month; the monthly credit will not roll over into a subsequent month. Each monthly credit is only eligible on one purchase of $10 or more made on Instacart.comOpens overlay with one retailer using your IHG One Rewards Premier Credit Card. Any unused portion of a monthly credit will not be available for future use. Eligible purchases will qualify for this credit the month your IHG One Rewards Premier Credit Card is added to your Instacart account and each month thereafter. To qualify for this credit, your IHG One Rewards Premier Credit Card account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. If your credit card account is closed at any time, Instacart and Chase reserve the right to remove any unused Instacart credits from your account. Credit will be applied to the total purchase price for all eligible products and excludes taxes, service and delivery fees, tips, special handling fees and/or other fees. Limit 1 credit per order. Excludes restaurant orders powered by Uber Eats. State and Local laws in your area may prohibit alcohol discounts and/or exclude alcohol from this offer’s qualifying minimum spend of $10. If the discount isn’t applied automatically during checkout, alcohol products may not be eligible for this offer in your location. Credit has no cash value and is non-transferable. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by Instacart are not within Chase’s control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, Instacart benefits and services. Credit card product changes during the promotional period will forfeit this offer. Deliveries subject to availability. In order to take advantage of this offer, customers must have a valid account on Instacart.comOpens overlay with their valid IHG One Rewards Premier Credit Card on file. Only one offer per household. Instacart reserves the right to modify or cancel this offer at any time. Offer may not be sold, copied, modified, transferred or used retroactively for prior purchases. Void where restricted or prohibited by law. Offer may expire prior to your actual use of the offer, without liability to Instacart. Instacart is not a retailer or seller. Instacart may not be available in all zip or post codes.

Cardmembers Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time: Eligible cardmembers are those with access to Chase Pay Over Time who use a participating Chase credit card for eligible purchases. Access to Chase Pay Over Time is not guaranteed, is based on a variety of factors such as creditworthiness, credit limit and account behavior, and may change from time to time. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time After Purchase: Participating Chase credit cards include most consumer credit cards and select small business credit cards. For a complete list of participating Chase credit cards, see "Which Chase credit cards are eligible to use Chase Pay Over Time after a purchase is made" at chase.com/personal/credit-cards/chasepayovertime/faqs/after-purchaseOpens in a new window. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time at checkout on Amazon.com: Participating Chase credit cards include all credit cards except small business credit cards, Amazon Visa and Prime Visa cards, and Chase Mastercard credit cards.

Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time Set Up After Purchase: Purchases of at least $100 are eligible, excluding certain transactions such as (a) cash-like transactions, (b) any fees owed to us, including Annual Membership Fees, and (c) purchases made under a separate promotion or special finance program. Eligible purchases will be identified within your transaction history on chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile App.

The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.

INSTACART®, the Instacart Carrot logo, the Instacart Partial Carrot logo, and the Instacart Carrot Top logo are trademarks of Maplebear Inc., d/b/a Instacart. Instacart may not be available in all zip or post codes. See Instacart Terms of Service for more details.

Mastercard, the circles design, World Mastercard and World Elite Mastercard are trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.

IHG ONE REWARDS PROGRAM INFORMATION
Points accrued and awards issued are subject to the terms and conditions of the IHG One Rewards program. Click hereOpens overlay for complete terms and conditions of the IHG One Rewards program, including all redemption values, or refer to ihg.com/termsOpens overlay. Terms and conditions of the IHG One Rewards program may be modified and services and benefits may be added or deleted at any time without notice to Cardmembers. Individuals whose request for a credit card are not approved will not be enrolled in the IHG One Rewards program through this offer, although existing IHG One Rewards memberships will not be affected. Additional authorized users will not be enrolled in the IHG One Rewards program as a result of this offer. IHG One Rewards points awarded through the use of the authorized user's card will only be credited to the Primary Cardmember's IHG One Rewards account.

IHG One Rewards Premier credit cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Offer subject to change.