Offer Details
Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply.

Amazon.com Gift Cards: This credit card is available to you if you do not currently have an Amazon Visa or Prime Visa credit card. Upon approval of your application, the Gift Card will be loaded into your Amazon.com account, as long as you have not closed your account. The Amazon.com Gift Card is only awarded to new cardmembers and at the time of card approval. If you were referred by a cardmember for either the Amazon Visa or Prime Visa credit card and approved, the person who referred you may be eligible to receive a referral bonus. The Gift Card cannot be used for other gift card purchases. Amazon.com Gift Cards are issued by ACI Gift Cards, Inc., a Washington Company. See www.amazon.com/gc-legalOpens Overlay for complete terms and conditions.

Instant Decision: If you respond via the Internet, the majority of applications are responded to in less than 15 seconds. Your actual response time may vary depending on the Internet connection and volume of submitted requests. We may not be able to give you an immediate answer in every instance.

Earning in the Rewards Program: “% back rewards” are the rewards you earn under the program. % back rewards are tracked as points and each $1 in % back rewards earned is equal to 100 points. Eligible Prime memberships only apply to Amazon.com accounts (and not accounts on any other affiliated websites outside the U.S.) and may include, in Amazon's sole discretion: annual and monthly Amazon Prime subscriptions and members of their Amazon Household (excluding Amazon Prime Video and invited guests of an Amazon Prime account), Amazon Prime Fresh, Amazon Family, Amazon Prime Student and trial memberships of Amazon Prime. Whether a purchase earns 5% back or 3% back, as described below, is determined at the time your eligible Amazon.com, Whole Foods Market or the participating Amazon stores and sites, or Chase Travel purchase is made. How you can earn points: You'll earn points on purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds, made with a Prime Visa or Amazon Visa credit card by you or an authorized user of the card account. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services; however, the following types of transactions won’t count as purchases: balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions; lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions; person-to-person money transfers and account funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 5% back or 3% back at Amazon.com, Whole Foods Markets and the participating Amazon stores and sites: You'll earn 5% back with an eligible Prime membership or 3% back without an eligible Prime membership for each $1 of eligible purchases made using your card account at Amazon.com (including digital downloads, Amazon.com Gift Cards, Amazon Fresh orders, Amazon Prime subscriptions, and items sold by third-party merchants through Amazon.com's marketplace), Whole Foods Market, including any physical Whole Foods Market locations in the United States and the website accessible at wholefoodsmarket.comOpens Overlay and the participating Amazon stores and sites listed at Amazon.com/primevisa/benefitsOpens Overlay and Amazon.com/amazonvisa/benefitsOpens Overlay. 5% back equates to $0.05 for each $1 spent, which is equal to 5 points. 3% back equates to $0.03 for each $1 spent, which is equal to 3 points. 5% back or 3% back is not earned on (i) purchases from merchants using Amazon Pay, (ii) purchases made at international Amazon retail sites (including but not limited to Amazon.ca, Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.de, Amazon.fr, or Amazon.co.jp), or any other website operated by Amazon that is not listed at Amazon.com/primevisa/benefitsOpens Overlay and Amazon.com/amazonvisa/benefitsOpens Overlay, (iii) purchases made at international Whole Foods Markets, (iv) purchases of Whole Foods Market products and services through third-party sites such as Eventbrite, Instacart, Google Express and Shipt, (v) online purchases of Whole Foods Market gift cards (including through buyatab.comOpens Overlay), event tickets or classes, (vi) purchases from certain third-party vendors operating at Whole Foods Markets, (vii) purchases of massage services at any Whole Foods Market, or (viii) purchases from Spa@Ink, in each case in Amazon's sole discretion. 5% back or 3% back through Chase Travel: You'll earn 5% back with an eligible Prime membership or 3% back without an eligible Prime membership for each $1 spent on purchases made using your card account through Chase Travel. 5% back or 3% back is not earned on purchases made using your card account directly with travel suppliers including airline, hotel, car rentals and cruises. 2% back in rewards categories: You'll earn 2% back for each $1 spent in the following rewards categories: gas stations; local transit and commuting; restaurants. This equates to $0.02 for each $1 spent, which is equal to 2 points. 1% back: You'll earn 1% back for each $1 spent on all other purchases. This equates to $0.01 for each $1 spent, which is equal to 1 point. How you can use your points: You can use your points to redeem for any available reward options, including eligible purchases at Amazon.com, cash, travel, gift cards, and products or services made available through the program or directly from third parties. Redemption values for reward options may vary. Points expiration/losing points: Your points don't expire as long as your card account remains open, however, you will immediately lose all your points if your card account status changes, or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. For important information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window. The terms of the Rewards Program Agreement apply to the 5% back and 3% back earned at Amazon.com, Whole Foods Market, including any physical Whole Foods Market locations in the United States and the website accessible at wholefoodsmarket.comOpens overlay and the participating Amazon stores and sites operated by Amazon’s affiliates listed at Amazon.com/primevisa/benefitsOpens overlay and Amazon.com/amazonvisa/benefitsOpens overlay, and through Chase Travel. For more information about the Amazon card rewards program, you can see the latest Rewards Program Agreement at chase.com/amazon/rewardsagreementOpens in a new window and it will also be available for cardmembers after logging in to chase.comOpens in a new window and will be mailed for new or changed accounts. 

Prime Card Bonus: Offers good during promotional periods only and while supplies last. Cardmembers with an eligible Prime membership get additional rewards on eligible purchases made using your Prime Visa card, excluding purchases made through Installments, Prime Wardrobe, and Amazon Fresh. The amounts listed in the promotional offers include the 5% back you already earn on Amazon.com purchases with your Prime Visa card, and the extra % back you can earn with these promotions. These promotional offers only apply to the portion of net qualifying purchases (purchases less returns and other credits) of eligible items paid for with your Prime Visa card at Amazon.com. The extra % back rewards are earned after the close of each qualifying Daily Rewards posting and are generally available to be used the same day; however, it may take up to one additional day to become available if the extra points are earned after the close of the last qualifying Daily Rewards posting. Daily Rewards will post Sunday through Friday each week. To qualify for these promotional offers, your account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. These promotional offers are non-transferable. Amazon reserves the right to modify or cancel these offers at any time. For more information about your rewards program, see your Rewards Program Agreement.

Using your Points at Amazon.com Checkout (Shop with Points): Additional Chase and Amazon.com Shop with Points service terms apply. Learn more about Shop with Points by going to Shop with PointsOpens Overlay. Some or all documents, services, websites (whether controlled by Chase or others) and/or correspondence may be available only in English.

Zero Liability: Zero Liability Protection does not apply to use of an account by an authorized user without the approval of the primary cardmember. If you think someone used your account without permission, tell us immediately by calling the Cardmember Services number on your card or billing statement.

Amazon, the Amazon.com logo, the smile logo, Kindle, Echo, Alexa, Fire, Ring, and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.comOpens Overlay, Inc. or its affiliates.

The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.

Prime Visa credit cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Offer subject to change.