Offer Details
Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply.

This credit card is unavailable to you if you currently have one open. The new cardmember bonus may not be available to you if you previously held this card or received a new cardmember bonus for this card. We may also consider the number of cards you have opened and closed in determining your bonus eligibility.

New Cardmember Bonus – 100,000 Points: To qualify, you must make $5,000 in purchases during the first 3 months from account opening. After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, your credit card account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services. However, the following types of transactions won’t count as purchases: balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions; lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions; person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.

Earning in the Rewards Program: You'll earn points on purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds, made with a Chase Sapphire Preferred credit card by you or an authorized user of the account; however, the following types of transactions won't count as purchases and won't earn points: purchases that qualify for the $100 Annual Chase Travel Hotel Credit, balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions; lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions; person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 5 points (“5X points”) on Chase Travel purchases: You’ll earn 5 points for each $1 spent on purchases made using your card through Chase Travel. Travel purchases made using your card through FROSCH by Chase Travel, Valerie Wilson Travel by Chase Travel, or Frosch International Travel LLC will not qualify to earn 5 points for each $1 spent. 3 points (“3X points”): You’ll earn 3 points for each $1 spent on purchases in the following rewards categories: vacation homes at top brands (see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window for select top brands); gas stations; electric vehicle charging; dining at restaurants including takeout and eligible delivery services; top streaming services (see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window for select top services); online grocery (excluding Target®, Walmart® and wholesale clubs). 2 points (“2X points”) on travel purchases: You’ll earn 2 points for each $1 spent on purchases made in the travel category (excluding purchases made through Chase Travel that qualify for 5 points as described). Travel purchases made using your card through FROSCH by Chase Travel, Valerie Wilson Travel by Chase Travel, or Frosch International Travel LLC will qualify to earn 2 points for each $1 spent. 1 point (“1X points”): You’ll earn 1 point for each $1 spent on all other purchases. How you can use your points: You can use your points to redeem for any available reward options, including cash, gift cards, travel, and pay with points for products or services made available through the program or directly from third parties. Redemption values for reward options vary. Points expiration/losing points: Your points don’t expire as long as your account remains open, however, you will immediately lose all your points if your account status changes, or your account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. For important information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window. For more information about the Chase Sapphire Preferred rewards program, you can see the latest Rewards Program Agreement at chase.com/sapphirepreferred/rewardsagreementOpens in a new window and it will also be available for cardmembers after logging in to chase.com/ultimaterewardsOpens in a new window and will be mailed for new or changed accounts.

$100 Annual Chase Travel Hotel Credit: A statement credit will automatically be applied to your account when your card is used for hotel accommodation purchases made through Chase Travel, up to an annual maximum accumulation of $100. Annual means the year beginning with your account open date through the first statement date after your account anniversary, and the 12 monthly billing cycles after that each year. Annually, the first $100 in Chase Travel hotel purchases will not earn rewards points. We may reverse statement credits if an eligible purchase is returned, canceled, or modified or if you close your account within 90 days of receiving a statement credit. Statement credits should post to your account within 3 business days but may take up to 4 weeks. To receive statement credits, your account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

Global Entry or TSA PreCheck® or NEXUS Application Fee Statement Credit
You will receive one statement credit every four years (up to $120) after the first program (either Global Entry or TSA PreCheck® or NEXUS) application fee is charged to your Chase Sapphire Preferred card, by you or an authorized user. This benefit applies only to the Global Entry, TSA PreCheck® or NEXUS programs, other Trusted Traveler Programs are not eligible. Only purchases made directly with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, eligible partner listed on ttp.cbp.dhs.gov/Opens overlay, or authorized enrollment providers featured on tsa.gov/precheckOpens overlay website are eligible for reimbursement. Purchases made through any third parties, such as travel agencies or application assistance services, are not eligible for reimbursement. The statement credit will appear on your credit card billing statement within 1-2 billing cycles. You are responsible for payment of all charges until the statement credit posts to the account. Chase has no control or liability regarding these programs including, but not limited to, applications, approval process or enrollment, or fees charged by CBP or TSA or DHS. For more information about the Global Entry, TSA PreCheck® and NEXUS programs, including application details and full terms and conditions, go to ttp.cbp.dhs.gov/Opens overlay. Websites and other information provided by government agencies are not within Chase’s control and may not be available in Spanish. To receive statement credits, your account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.
TSA PreCheck® is a registered trademark and is used with the permission of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.

Complimentary Apple TV for Chase Sapphire Preferred: One-time activation on chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile® app required by December 31, 2026. You, as the primary cardmember, will receive at least 12 months of complimentary Apple TV from the activation date. If you have an active paid Apple TV subscription purchased directly through Apple, your complimentary Apple TV subscription through Chase will automatically suspend your existing subscription. Once your complimentary Apple TV subscription through Chase ends, your paid Apple TV subscription will automatically resume at the then-current price. If you have an active paid Apple One subscription purchased directly through Apple, after you have activated your Apple TV benefit on Chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile® app with the same Apple Account connected to your Apple One billing, you will automatically receive a $7.50 discount on your Apple One subscription starting on your next billing period. The Apple One discount is subject to change or cancelation in Apple’s discretion. Once your $7.50 discount on Apple One ends, your paid Apple One subscription purchased directly through Apple will resume at the then-current rate. Only one complimentary Apple TV subscription or Apple One discount per Apple Account. For questions on your Apple One subscription, please call Apple at 1-800-275-2273. If you close or change your eligible card to an ineligible card at any time during this offer, you will no longer be eligible for complimentary Apple TV or an Apple One discount. For users on Apple devices (iPhone or iPad), this benefit will be automatically linked to the Apple Account you use to sign in to your device. To use an alternate Apple Account, log in on web. If you have linked your Apple Account and wish to link a different Apple Account, please call Apple at 1-800-275-2273. Use of Apple TV is subject to Apple Media Services and Apple’s Privacy Policy.

Complimentary DashPass: You and your authorized user(s) will receive at least 12 months of complimentary DashPass for use on both the DoorDash and Caviar applications during the same membership period based on the first activation date, when the membership is activated with a Chase Sapphire Preferred card by 12/31/2027. Membership period for all users on this Chase Sapphire account will begin and end based on when the first user activates the membership on DoorDash or Caviar. The same login credentials must be used on DoorDash and Caviar in order for the DashPass benefit to be used on both applications. To receive the membership benefits, the primary cardmember and authorized user(s) must first add their Chase Sapphire card as a default payment method on DoorDash or Caviar, and then click the activation button. Once enrolled in DashPass, you must use your Chase Sapphire card for payment at checkout for DashPass-eligible orders to receive DashPass benefits. DashPass benefits apply only to eligible orders from DashPass-eligible merchants that meet the minimum subtotal requirement, excluding taxes and fees (as stated in the DoorDash and Caviar apps and sites with amounts subject to change). However, other fees (including service fee), taxes, and gratuity on orders may still apply. Current value of the DashPass membership is as of 02/01/2025. DashPass orders are subject to delivery driver and geographic availability. Membership must be activated with a United States address. Payment through third-party payment accounts, or online or mobile digital wallets (like Apple Pay and Google Wallet), or memberships purchased through third parties are excluded from this offer. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by DoorDash or Caviar are not within Chase's control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash or Caviar benefits and services. If you product change to another Chase credit card eligible for a DashPass membership during the promotional period, your DashPass benefits may change. You may experience a delay in updating your applicable DashPass benefits on DoorDash or Caviar; please note, once you product trade, the benefits from your previous credit card are no longer available for your use. You can only access the benefits available with your current credit card. Your Chase Sapphire account must be open and not in default to maintain membership benefits. See full DoorDash terms and conditions at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens Overlay.

Earn Up to $10 Off Monthly on DoorDash Non-Restaurant Orders: Once you have activated your Chase Sapphire or Sapphire Preferred DashPass membership, you will receive a $10 off discount each calendar month at checkout on one qualifying non-restaurant order on DoorDash as long as you remain enrolled in the Chase Sapphire or Sapphire Preferred DashPass membership. Discount applies to subtotal only; does not apply to fees, taxes, and gratuity. Fees, taxes, and gratuity still apply. To claim, select the discount from the promotion wallet at checkout, or claim the discount when prompted in the DoorDash app or website. If the full $10 value is not used on a single order, the remaining value will be forfeited. You must use the card used to enroll in your Chase Sapphire or Chase Sapphire Preferred DashPass membership as your payment method at order checkout to receive this discount. This discount may be combined with other order-level promotions, discounts, or deals. The monthly discount will be made available to you in your DoorDash account at the beginning of each month and will only be available for the remainder of that calendar month; the monthly discount will not roll over into a subsequent month. Once redeemed, the discount will not be refunded to the user regardless of whether the user otherwise receives a refund or credits back on their order. Not valid for the purchase of gift cards. Not valid on alcohol in some states. Limit one redemption per month per person. Valid in the U.S. only. Discount has no cash value and is non-transferable. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash benefits and services. Credit card product changes during the promotional period will forfeit this offer. Additional DoorDash promotional terms and conditions available at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens Overlay.

All deliveries subject to availability. Must have or create a valid DoorDash account. Qualifying orders containing alcohol will be charged a $0.01 Delivery Fee. No cash value. Non-transferable. See full terms and conditions at: help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditionsOpens Overlay.

10X or 5X total points on eligible Peloton equipment and accessory purchases through 12/31/2027: You'll earn a total of 10 (Sapphire Reserve or J.P. Morgan Reserve) or 5 (Sapphire Preferred) points for each $1 spent on up to $5,000 in total purchases when your card is used for Peloton equipment and accessory purchases over $150 through Peloton from 4/1/2025 through 12/31/2027. That's 9 (Sapphire Reserve or J.P. Morgan Reserve) or 4 (Sapphire Preferred) points on top of the 1 point you already earn on these purchases with your card. Only purchases made directly through Peloton - through onepeloton.comOpens Overlay, over the phone, or in a Peloton showroom - are eligible. Online purchases made using the Truemed pay with HSA/FSA funds checkout flow are not eligible. Purchases made outside the U.S. are not eligible. Gift cards and apparel are not eligible. Points earned on eligible Peloton equipment and accessory purchases will be deducted from the cardmember's account if the order is cancelled or returned. Purchases must post to the cardmember's account by the last day of the promotional period to qualify. Sometimes your card will be charged on a date after you make a purchase, and as a result the purchase may not post to your account until after the last day of the promotional period. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks after qualifying purchases post to your account for points to post to your account. To qualify for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. This bonus offer is non-transferable.

5X Points Offer on Lyft Purchases: You'll earn 5X points on qualifying Lyft products and services purchased through the Lyft mobile application through 09/30/2027. That's 3 additional points on top of the 2 points earned on travel purchases in the rewards program. Qualifying Lyft products and services include rideshare; bike and scooter rides; and subscription and membership products. Purchase of gift cards, car rentals, vehicle service centers, miscellaneous fees and other Lyft products and services are excluded from this promotion. Future Lyft products or services may not be eligible. Additional points will appear on your billing statement in a separate line from base points. Lyft is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, Chase benefits or services. See Earning in the Rewards Program for more information about earning points.

Cardmembers Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time: Eligible cardmembers are those with access to Chase Pay Over Time who use a participating Chase credit card for eligible purchases. Access to Chase Pay Over Time is not guaranteed, is based on a variety of factors such as creditworthiness, credit limit and account behavior, and may change from time to time. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time After Purchase: Participating Chase credit cards include most consumer credit cards and select small business credit cards. For a complete list of participating Chase credit cards, see "Which Chase credit cards are eligible to use Chase Pay Over Time after a purchase is made" at chase.com/personal/credit-cards/chasepayovertime/faqs/after-purchaseOpens in a new window. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time at checkout on Amazon.com: Participating Chase credit cards include all credit cards except small business credit cards, Amazon Visa and Prime Visa cards, and Chase Mastercard credit cards.

Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time Set Up After Purchase: Purchases of at least $100 are eligible, excluding certain transactions such as (a) cash-like transactions, (b) any fees owed to us, including Annual Membership Fees, and (c) purchases made under a separate promotion or special finance program. Eligible purchases will be identified within your transaction history on chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile App. Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time at Checkout on Amazon.com: Orders totaling at least $50 of eligible items on Amazon.com are eligible. Amazon may designate any item as ineligible, such as Amazon Fresh, Whole Foods, Amazon Prime Now, 1-Click Purchases and Subscribe & Save. If your order includes a recurring subscription, then only the first month's subscription fee will be eligible. If available for your account, the option to choose "financing offers available" will appear at checkout.

Amazon, the Amazon.com logo, the smile logo, Kindle, Echo, Alexa, Fire, Ring, and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.comOpens Overlay, Inc. or its affiliates.

Account Alerts: Delivery of alerts may be delayed for various reasons including technology failures and capacity limitations. 

Apple, the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.

The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.

Chase Sapphire Preferred credit cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Offer subject to change.