Offer Details
Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply.
This credit card is unavailable to you if you currently have one open. The new cardmember bonus may not be available to you if you previously held this card or received a new cardmember bonus for this card. We may also consider the number of cards you have opened and closed in determining your bonus eligibility.

New Cardmember Bonus - 100,000 Points: To qualify, you must make $6,000 in purchases during the first 3 months from account opening. After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, your credit card account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services. However, the following types of transactions won't count as purchases: balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions; lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions; person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.

Up to 2X on Select Flights and Hotels through Chase Travel with Points Boost: Points Boost offers give you the opportunity to enhance the value of your points when booking through Chase Travel—up to 2x depending on your card and the offer. Points earned with your card are worth $0.01 each when redeemed through Chase Travel, as outlined in your Ultimate Rewards Agreement. That means 100 points are worth $1, but with a Points Boost promotion 100 points could be worth up to $2. We may offer Points Boost promotions on select airline tickets and hotel accommodations. Points Boost offers are indicated by the Points Boost tag and rocket icon. Points Boost offers are promotional and are refreshed periodically. Offers may change with the refresh. Travel inventory is subject to availability. Please note: Points Boost promotions differ by card. The Points Boost promotions you see within search results and at checkout are based on the card you choose in the card selector.

Adding Authorized Users: All correspondence, including credit cards, statements, and notifications will be sent to the name and address on file for the primary cardmember. The primary cardmember is responsible for repaying all balances on this account. Authorized users will have the same charging privileges as the primary cardmember but will not be financially responsible. Chase provides account information to the credit reporting agencies for all account users. This information could impact an authorized user's credit score. When you tell us to add a user to your account, you're confirming that you have a relationship with the person or people whose name(s), address(es), and date(s) of birth you've told us, that all their information is correct, and that you have their consent to add them. If Chase determines you've given us fraudulent name, address, or date of birth information or did not have such consent, Chase can close this account.

Earning in the Rewards Program: You'll earn points on purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds, made with a Chase Sapphire Reserve credit card by you or an authorized user of the account; however, the following types of transactions won't count as purchases and won't earn points: any purchases that qualify for the $300 Annual Travel Credit or the $500 Credit for stays with The Edit, balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions; lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions; person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 8 points ("8X points") on Chase Travel purchases: You'll earn 8 points for each $1 spent on purchases made using your card through Chase Travel. Note: if you use Reserve Travel Designers to make travel purchases using your card, those purchases will earn 8 points for each $1 spent only if booked directly through Chase Travel. Travel purchases made using your card through FROSCH by Chase Travel, Valerie Wilson Travel by Chase Travel, or Frosch International Travel LLC will not qualify to earn 8 points for each $1 spent. 4 points ("4X points") on flights and hotels booked direct: You'll earn 4 points for each $1 spent on purchases made in the following rewards category: flights and hotels booked direct. Note: if you use Reserve Travel Designers or FROSCH by Chase Travel, Valerie Wilson Travel by Chase Travel, or Frosch International Travel LLC to make flight and hotel purchases using your card, those purchases will earn 4 points for each $1 spent only if booked directly with the airline or hotel. 3 points ("3X points") on dining at restaurants purchases: You'll earn 3 points for each $1 spent on purchases made in the following rewards category: dining at restaurants including takeout and eligible delivery services. 1 point ("1X points"): You'll earn 1 point for each $1 spent on all other purchases. How you can use your points: You can use your points to redeem for any available reward options, including cash, gift cards, travel, and pay with points for products or services made available through the program or directly from third parties. Redemption values for reward options vary. Points expiration/losing points: Your points don't expire as long as your account remains open, however, you will immediately lose all your points if your account status changes, or your account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. For important information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window. For more information about the Chase Sapphire Reserve rewards program, you can see the latest Rewards Program Agreement at chase.com/sapphirereserve/rewardsagreementOpens in a new window and it will also be available for cardmembers after logging in to chase.com/ultimaterewardsOpens in a new window and will be mailed for new or changed accounts.

Priority PassTM Select Membership for Chase Sapphire Reserve and J.P. Morgan Reserve Personal Cards, and The Ritz-Carlton: Primary cardmembers and any authorized users will have their Priority Pass Select membership automatically activated. Priority Pass Select membership includes access to airport lounges and select airport experiences participating in the Priority Pass Select network. Certain terms, conditions and exclusions apply. Primary cardmembers and authorized users on the account are granted complimentary access to the Priority Pass lounges and are allowed a maximum of two accompanying guests each. For any additional guests, your card will be charged $27 per guest, per visit. Your card will be charged after you have signed for the additional guest visits in the participating lounge and the visits have been reported to Priority Pass. Access may be denied if the lounge is at capacity. Participating lounges are owned and operated by independent third parties and their participation and/or facilities may change. To access a lounge, member must present their valid physical credit card or Priority Pass digital membership card. A valid credit card in your digital wallet will not be accepted for access to a lounge. Priority Pass Select membership is subject to the Priority Pass Select Terms and Conditions. Your credit card account must be open and not in default to maintain membership. For complete Priority Pass Select Terms and Conditions and a listing of participating lounges and select airport experiences, please visit www.prioritypass.com/selectOpens overlay.

Chase Sapphire Reserve Lounge NetworkSM Value: The annual value of the Chase Sapphire Reserve Lounge Network is based on the $469 annual value of Priority PassTM Select Membership plus four Chase Sapphire Lounge $100 day pass purchases.

Global Entry or TSA PreCheck® or NEXUS Application Fee Statement Credit: You will receive one statement credit every four years (up to $120) after the first program (either Global Entry or TSA PreCheck® or NEXUS) application fee is charged to your Chase Sapphire Reserve card, by you or an authorized user. This benefit applies only to the Global Entry, TSA PreCheck® or NEXUS programs, other Trusted Traveler Programs are not eligible. Only purchases made directly with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, eligible partner listed on ttp.cbp.dhs.gov/Opens overlay, or authorized enrollment providers featured on tsa.gov/precheckOpens overlay website are eligible for reimbursement. Purchases made through any third parties, such as travel agencies or application assistance services, are not eligible for reimbursement. The statement credit will appear on your credit card billing statement within 1-2 billing cycles. You are responsible for payment of all charges until the statement credit posts to the account. Chase has no control or liability regarding these programs including, but not limited to, applications, approval process or enrollment, or fees charged by CBP or TSA or DHS. For more information about the Global Entry, TSA PreCheck® and NEXUS programs, including application details and full terms and conditions, go to ttp.cbp.dhs.gov/Opens overlay. Websites and other information provided by government agencies are not within Chase's control and may not be available in Spanish. To receive statement credits, your account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.
TSA PreCheck® is a registered trademark and is used with the permission of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.

$300 Annual Travel Credit for Chase Sapphire Reserve and J.P. Morgan Reserve Personal Cards: A statement credit will be automatically applied to your account for purchases made in the travel category, up to an annual maximum accumulation of $300. Annual means the year beginning with your account open date through the first statement date after your account open date anniversary, and the 12 monthly billing cycles after that each year. Call the number on the back of your card to find out eligibility for your next $300 Annual Travel Credit. Purchases are of products and services, minus returns or refunds, made with the card by you or an authorized user of the account; however, the following types of transactions won't count: balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions; lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions; person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. We do not determine whether merchants correctly identify and bill transactions as being of a certain type. For more information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window. Statement credits should post to your account within 3 business days but may take up to 4 weeks. The $300 Annual Travel Credit must be available at the time qualifying purchases are made to be applied to your account. Statement credits will be issued for the year in which the transaction posts to your account. For example, if you pay for baggage fees, but the airline does not post the transaction until after the current annual period ends, the cost of the baggage fees will be allocated towards the following year's Annual Travel Credit maximum of $300. We may reverse statement credits if an eligible purchase is returned, canceled, or modified or if you close your account within 90 days of receiving a statement credit. Any portion of your purchase that qualifies for the $300 Annual Travel Credit will not earn points. To receive statement credits, your account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

$500 Credit for stays with The Edit for Chase Sapphire Reserve and J.P. Morgan Reserve Personal Cards: Starting 1/1/2026 a statement credit of up to $250 will be automatically applied to your account for qualifying purchases with The Edit by Chase Travel, for a total maximum accumulation of $500 in statement credits each calendar year. Calendar year means January 1 through December 31 of that same year. Qualifying purchases are when you or an authorized user of the account use the card for pre-paid "Pay Now" stays of 2 nights or more. Statement credit periods end at 11:59 PM ET on the last day of the period. Please note that processing delays can cause purchases made during one statement credit period to be allocated to the next period. Call the number on the back of your card to find out eligibility for your next $500 Credit for stays with The Edit. The $500 Credit for stays with The Edit must be available at the time qualifying purchases are made to be applied to your account. Statement credits should post to your account within 3 business days but may take up to 4 weeks. We may reverse statement credits if an eligible purchase is returned, canceled, or modified or if you close your account within 90 days of receiving a statement credit. Any portion of your purchase that qualifies for the $500 Credit for stays with The Edit will not earn points. To receive statement credits, your account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

$250 Credit for Select Hotels through Chase Travel in 2026 for Sapphire Reserve and J.P. Morgan Reserve Personal Cards: A statement credit will be automatically applied to your account for qualifying purchases made through Chase Travel from January 1, 2026 through December 31, 2026 for stays at select hotels, up to a total maximum accumulation of $250 in statement credits in calendar year 2026.Calendar year means January 1 through December 31 of that same year. Select hotels are IHG Hotels & Resorts, Montage Hotels & Resorts, Pendry Hotels & Resorts, Omni Hotels & Resorts, Virgin Hotels, Minor Hotels, and Pan Pacific Hotels and Resorts. Qualifying purchases are when you or an authorized user of the account use the card for pre-paid "Pay Now" stays of 2 nights or more. Call the number on the back of your card to find out eligibility for your $250 Credit. The $250 Credit for select hotels on Chase Travel must be available at the time qualifying purchases are made to be applied to your account. Statement credits should post to your account within 3 business days but may take up to 4 weeks. We may reverse statement credits if an eligible purchase is returned, canceled, or modified or if you close your account within 90 days of receiving a statement credit. Any portion of your purchase that qualifies for the $250 Credit for select hotels through Chase Travel will not earn points. To receive statement credits, your account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

The Edit Program Benefits for Chase Sapphire Reserve and J.P. Morgan Reserve Personal Cards: The Edit program benefits are available exclusively on select Chase credit cards. To receive benefits, reservations must be made for "The Edit" properties through Chase Travel. Benefits are per room and based on double occupancy. Benefits may be subject to availability at check-in and are not redeemable for cash. Benefits may not be combined with other offers, including tour operator or wholesaler rates and packages. Complimentary Wi-Fi benefit provided, with the exception of locations where Wi-Fi is already complimentary or not available. Program benefits and participating properties may change without notice. The average value of The Edit program benefits reflects the total, for a 2-night stay, comprised of the average value for all program benefits based on booking data for January through June 2025. The actual value realized will vary based on room rates, availability of upgrades, early check-in, and late check-out, as well as benefit usage. Visit www.theeditbychase.comOpens overlay to learn more about The Edit program benefits, other terms may apply.

IHG One Rewards Platinum Elite Status through 12/31/27 for Chase Sapphire Reserve and J.P. Morgan Reserve Personal Cards: You, as the primary cardmember, are eligible for IHG One Rewards Platinum Elite status through 12/31/27. You must activate this benefit by linking your IHG One Rewards account on Chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile® app. If you don't have an IHG One Rewards account number, visit ihg.com/rewardsclub/us/en/enrollment/joinOpens overlay to enroll and then return to Chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile® app to link your IHG One Rewards account and activate this benefit. Please allow up to 3 weeks after linking your IHG One Rewards account for activation of your Platinum Elite status benefit to be complete. IHG One Rewards benefits are only available to cardmembers after enrollment and will not be granted retroactively for any activity that occurs before enrollment. To maintain Platinum Elite status the primary cardmember's credit card account must remain open and their IHG One Rewards account must remain in good standing. To receive Platinum Elite benefits, the primary cardmember must provide their IHG One Rewards account number at time of reservation or at time of check-in. All benefits are subject to the complete IHG One Rewards Membership Terms and Conditions, available at ihg.com/termsOpens overlay and which are incorporated herein. IHG may alter the Platinum Elite benefits at any time. Benefits and rewards may vary by region and brand and are based on availability. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, the stated benefits and services.

Reserve Travel Designer Benefit for Chase Sapphire Reserve and Chase Sapphire Reserve for Business Cards: The Reserve Travel Designer program is provided as exclusive benefit for Chase Sapphire Reserve primary cardmembers and Chase Sapphire Reserve for Business authorizing officers. No travel agency fees will be assessed for reservations made through Reserve Travel Designers. However, fees charged by travel services suppliers, such as extra baggage fees and resort fees, may still apply. Access to these benefits is subject to eligibility and certain terms and conditions that may change at any time. Participation in this program is an exclusive benefit and eligibility may not be transferred or assigned. By offering travel for sale to particular destinations, JPMorgan Chase does not represent or warrant that travel to such places is advisable or without risk. Terms apply to earning points on purchases made with your card through Reserve Travel Designers; for details, see the Rewards Program Agreement at chase.com/sapphirereserve/rewardsagreementOpens in a new window for Chase Sapphire Reserve cards and chase.com/reserveforbusiness/rewardsagreementOpens in a new window for Chase Sapphire Reserve for Business cards.

$300 Annual Dining Credit for Chase Sapphire Reserve and J.P. Morgan Reserve Personal Cards: A statement credit will be automatically applied to your account for dining purchases at select restaurants up to a maximum accumulation of $150 in statement credits from January 1 through June 30 and up to $150 from July 1 through December 31, for a total maximum accumulation of $300 in statement credits each calendar year. Calendar year means January 1 through December 31 of that same year. Statement credit periods end at 11:59 PM ET on the last day of the period. Please note that merchant delays in the processing or submission of transactions can cause purchases made during one statement credit period to be allocated to the next period. To qualify, dining purchases must be identifiable by Chase as having been made directly with the select restaurants. Certain types of purchases may not be identifiable and will therefore not qualify; for example, merchandise, gift cards and purchases made through third party services (such as third-party payment processors or delivery platforms). Statement credits should post to your account within 3 business days but may take up to 4 weeks. The $300 Annual Dining Credit must be available at the time qualifying purchases are made to be applied to your account. We may reverse statement credits if an eligible purchase is returned, canceled, or modified or if you close your account within 90 days of receiving a statement credit. For more information, including the list of select restaurants, go to https://www.opentable.com/sapphire-reserve-exclusive-tablesOpens overlay or call the number on the back of your card. The list of select restaurants is subject to change. To receive statement credits, your account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

Chase Sapphire Reserve Exclusive Tables Benefit for Chase Sapphire Reserve, J.P. Morgan Reserve, and Chase Sapphire Reserve for Business Cards: Through 06/30/2026 ("Chase Benefit Term"), the Sapphire Reserve OpenTable Benefit (as defined below), in collaboration with the Visa Dining Collection, is available to cardholders (individually, "you" or "your") with eligible U.S. issued Chase Sapphire Reserve® Visa Infinite cards, JPMorgan Reserve® Visa Infinite cards, and Chase Sapphire Reserve for Business cards ("Eligible Chase Cards"). Cardholders with Eligible Chase Cards must (1) visit OpenTable.comOpens overlay or open the OpenTable mobile app; (2) sign in to an existing OpenTable account or sign up for a free OpenTable account; (3) complete the eligibility check to verify their Eligible Chase Card; and (4) add their Eligible Chase Card to their OpenTable account to redeem the Sapphire Reserve OpenTable Benefit. The Sapphire Reserve OpenTable Benefit includes exclusive access to primetime reservations and special events at participating restaurants in select cities ("Participating Restaurants") offered by OpenTable through the OpenTable platform which includes, without limitation, OpenTable's website, mobile app, and the Sapphire Reserve OpenTable Benefit page during the Chase Benefit Term ("Sapphire Reserve OpenTable Benefit"). Participating Restaurant inventory that is not booked prior to reservation day/time may be released to general OpenTable inventory. Certain Participating Restaurants may require credit card information to make a reservation and/or pre-pay for all or a portion of the dining experience. In such instances, the Eligible Chase Card stored in your OpenTable account must be used. If an Eligible Chase Card is no longer stored in your OpenTable account, you may be required to successfully complete an additional eligibility verification of an Eligible Chase Card. If your card is ineligible at the time of the eligibility check, OpenTable may store your card in your account for future eligibility purposes and for general use on the OpenTable platform, subject to the OpenTable Terms of Use (see opentable.com/c/legal/terms-and-conditionsOpens overlay) and OpenTable Privacy Policy (see opentable.com/c/legal/privacy-policyOpens overlay). OpenTable will conduct an eligibility check immediately upon card verification, followed by a subsequent eligibility check once every 24 hours when the user visits OpenTable properties. If your previously ineligible card becomes eligible, OpenTable will grant you access to the Sapphire Reserve OpenTable Benefit and notify you of such. You must go through the verification flow to receive eligibility status notification. For new cardmembers, please allow up to 4 business days after account opening for your Eligible Chase Card to be added to your OpenTable account and receive this benefit. OpenTable, Chase, and Visa shall have no further responsibility for your dining experience, including your experience at a Participating Restaurant.

Complimentary Apple TV for Chase Sapphire Reserve and J.P. Morgan Reserve Personal Cards: One-time activation on chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile® app required by June 22, 2027. You, as the primary cardmember, will receive at least 12 months of complimentary Apple TV from the activation date. If you have an active paid Apple TV subscription purchased directly through Apple, your complimentary Apple TV subscription through Chase will automatically suspend your existing subscription. Once your complimentary Apple TV subscription through Chase ends, your paid Apple TV subscription will resume at the then-current price. If you have an active paid Apple One subscription purchased directly through Apple, after you have activated your Apple TV benefit on Chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile® app with the same Apple Account connected to your Apple One billing, you will automatically receive a $7.50 discount on your Apple One subscription starting on your next billing period. The Apple One discount is subject to change or cancellation in Apple’s discretion. Once your $7.50 discount on Apple One ends, your paid Apple One subscription will resume at the then-current rate. Only one complimentary Apple TV subscription or Apple One discount per Apple Account. For questions on your Apple One subscription, please call Apple at 1-800-275-2273. If you close or change your eligible card to an ineligible card at any time during this offer, you will no longer be eligible for complimentary Apple TV or an Apple One discount. You may cancel your Chase complimentary Apple TV subscription at any time on chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile® app. For users on Apple devices (iPhone or iPad), this benefit will be automatically linked to the Apple ID Account you use to sign in to your device. To use an alternate Apple ID Account, log in on web. If you have linked your Apple ID Account and wish to link a different Apple ID Account, please call Apple at 1-800-275-2273. Use of Apple TV is subject to Apple Media Services Terms of UseOpens in a new window and Apple Privacy PolicyOpens in a new window.

Complimentary Apple Music for Chase Sapphire Reserve and J.P. Morgan Reserve Personal Cards: One-time activation on chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile® app required by June 22, 2027. You, as the primary cardmember, will receive at least 12 months of complimentary Apple Music from the activation date. If you have an active paid Apple Music individual subscription purchased directly through Apple, your complimentary Apple Music individual subscription through Chase will automatically suspend your existing subscription. Once your complimentary Apple Music individual subscription through Chase ends, your paid Apple Music individual subscription will resume at the then-current price. If you have an active paid Apple One subscription purchased directly through Apple, after you have activated your Apple Music benefit on Chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile® app with the same Apple Account connected to your Apple One billing, you will automatically receive a $7.50 discount on your Apple One subscription starting on your next billing period. The Apple One discount is subject to change or cancellation in Apple’s discretion. Once your $7.50 discount on Apple One ends, your paid Apple One subscription will resume at the then-current rate. Only one complimentary Apple Music subscription or Apple One discount per Apple Account. For questions on your Apple One subscription, please call Apple at 1-800-275-2273. If you close or change your eligible card to an ineligible card at any time during this offer, you will no longer be eligible for complimentary Apple Music or an Apple One discount. You may cancel your Chase complimentary Apple Music subscription at any time on chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile® app. For users on Apple devices (iPhone or iPad), this benefit will be automatically linked to the Apple ID Account you use to sign in to your device. To use an alternate Apple ID Account, log in on web. If you have linked your Apple ID Account and wish to link a different Apple ID Account, please call Apple at 1-800-275-2273. Use of Apple Music is subject to Apple Media Services Terms of UseOpens in a new window and Apple Privacy PolicyOpens in a new window.

Complimentary DashPass: You and your authorized user(s) will receive at least 12 months of complimentary DashPass for use on both the DoorDash and Caviar applications during the same membership period based on the first activation date, when the membership is activated with a Chase Sapphire Reserve card by 12/31/2027. Membership period for all users on this Chase Sapphire account will begin and end based on when the first user activates the membership on DoorDash or Caviar. The same login credentials must be used on DoorDash and Caviar in order for the DashPass benefit to be used on both applications. To receive the membership benefits, the primary cardmember and authorized user(s) must first add their Chase Sapphire card as a default payment method on DoorDash or Caviar, and then click the activation button. Once enrolled in DashPass, you must use your Chase Sapphire card for payment at checkout for DashPass-eligible orders to receive DashPass benefits. DashPass benefits apply only to eligible orders from DashPass-eligible merchants that meet the minimum subtotal requirement, excluding taxes and fees (as stated in the DoorDash and Caviar apps and sites with amounts subject to change). However, other fees (including service fee), taxes, and gratuity on orders may still apply. Current value of the DashPass membership is as of 02/01/2025. DashPass orders are subject to delivery driver and geographic availability. Membership must be activated with a United States address. Payment through third-party payment accounts, or online or mobile digital wallets (like Apple Pay and Google Wallet), or memberships purchased through third parties are excluded from this offer. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by DoorDash or Caviar are not within Chase's control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash or Caviar benefits and services. If you product change to another Chase credit card eligible for a DashPass membership during the promotional period, your DashPass benefits may change. You may experience a delay in updating your applicable DashPass benefits on DoorDash or Caviar; please note, once you product trade, the benefits from your previous credit card are no longer available for your use. You can only access the benefits available with your current credit card. Your Chase Sapphire account must be open and not in default to maintain membership benefits. See full DoorDash terms and conditions at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens Overlay.

Earn Up to $5 off Monthly on DoorDash Restaurant Orders: Once you have activated your Chase Sapphire Reserve, Chase Sapphire Reserve for Business or J.P. Morgan Reserve DashPass membership, you will receive a $5 off discount each calendar month at checkout on one qualifying restaurant order on DoorDash as long as you remain enrolled in a DashPass membership. Discount applies to subtotal only; does not apply to fees, taxes, and gratuity. Fees, taxes, and gratuity still apply. To claim, select the discount from the promotion wallet at checkout, or claim the discount when prompted in the DoorDash app or website. If the full $5 value is not used on a single order, the remaining value will be forfeited. You must use the card used to enroll in your Sapphire Reserve, Sapphire Reserve for Business or J.P. Morgan Reserve DashPass membership as your payment method to receive this discount. This discount may be combined with other order-level promotions, discounts, or deals. The monthly discount will be made available to you in your DoorDash account at the beginning of each month and will only be available on that platform for the remainder of that calendar month; the monthly discount will not roll over into a subsequent month. Once redeemed, the discount will not be refunded to the user regardless of whether the user otherwise receives a refund or credits back on their order. Not valid for the purchase of gift cards. Not valid on alcohol in some states. Limit one redemption per month per person. Valid in the U.S. only. Discount has no cash value and is non-transferable. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash benefits and services. Credit card product changes during the promotional period will forfeit this offer. Additional DoorDash promotional terms and conditions available at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens Overlay.

Earn Up to $10 Off Two Orders Per Month on DoorDash Non-Restaurant Orders: Once you have activated your Chase Sapphire Reserve, Chase Sapphire Reserve for Business or J.P. Morgan Reserve DashPass membership, you will receive two (2) $10 off discounts each calendar month at checkout on one qualifying non-restaurant order on DoorDash as long as you remain enrolled in the Chase Sapphire Reserve, Chase Sapphire Reserve for Business or J.P. Morgan Reserve DashPass membership. Each discount must be used on a separate order. Discount applies to subtotal only; does not apply to fees, taxes, and gratuity. Fees, taxes, and gratuity still apply. To claim, select the discount from the promotion wallet at checkout, or claim the discount when prompted in the DoorDash app or website. If the full $10 value is not used on a single order, the remaining value will be forfeited. You must use the card used to enroll in your Chase Sapphire Reserve, Chase Sapphire Reserve for Business or J.P. Morgan Reserve DashPass membership as your payment method at order checkout to receive this discount. This discount may be combined with other order-level promotions, discounts, or deals. The monthly discount will be made available to you in your DoorDash account at the beginning of each month and will only be available for the remainder of that calendar month; the monthly discount will not roll over into a subsequent month. Once redeemed, the discount will not be refunded to the user regardless of whether the user otherwise receives a refund or credits back on their order. Not valid for the purchase of gift cards. Not valid on alcohol in some states. Limit two redemptions per month per person. Valid in the U.S. only. Discount has no cash value and is non-transferable. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash benefits and services. Credit card product changes during the promotional period will forfeit this offer. Additional DoorDash promotional terms and conditions available at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_USOpens Overlay.

All deliveries subject to availability. Must have or create a valid DoorDash account. Qualifying orders containing alcohol will be charged a $0.01 Delivery Fee. No cash value. Non-transferable. See full terms and conditions at: help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditionsOpens Overlay.

$75,000 Spend Benefits for Chase Sapphire Reserve and J.P. Morgan Reserve Cards: You, as the primary cardmember, will get access to the benefits described below after spending $75,000 in purchases on your Sapphire Reserve or JPMorgan Reserve card each calendar year. Benefits will apply for the remainder of the calendar year in which you qualify and continue through the following calendar year. Benefits are subject to change annually. Please allow 1 to 2 weeks after qualifying for benefits to be active or ready for activation if required. See the Benefits section of your account on Chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile® app for benefit status and to activate if required. Purchases are of products and services made with the card by you or an authorized user of the account; however, the following types of transactions won't count: balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions; lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions; person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. Chase may remove access to these benefits if we suspect you've engaged in misuse or fraudulent activity as described in the Chase Sapphire Reserve Rewards Program Agreement, visit chase.com/sapphirereserve/rewardsagreementOpens in a new window and in the J.P. Morgan Reserve Program Agreement, visit chase.com/jpmorganreserve/rewardsagreementOpens in a new window. Purchases made with your Sapphire Reserve or J.P. Morgan Reserve card between January 1 and December 31 of each year, beginning in 2025, will count towards the $75,000 spend requirement. However, please note that if you downgrade to another Chase card and then upgrade back to Sapphire Reserve or J.P. Morgan Reserve, spend on your account prior to the downgrade will not count towards that calendar year's $75,000 spend requirement.

$75,000 Spend Benefit - World of Hyatt Explorist Status for Chase Sapphire Reserve and J.P. Morgan Reserve Personal Cards: After meeting the $75,000 spend requirements as described above, you, as the primary cardmember, will be eligible for World of Hyatt Explorist status for the remainder of the calendar year in which you qualify, through the following calendar year, and through February of the calendar year after that. After qualifying, you must activate this benefit by linking your World of Hyatt account on the Chase mobile app. If you don't have a World of Hyatt account number, visit https://www.hyatt.com/en-US/member/enrollOpens overlay to enroll and then return to Chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase mobile app to link your World of Hyatt account and activate this benefit. Please allow up to 3 weeks after linking your World of Hyatt account for activation of your Explorist status benefit to be complete. World of Hyatt benefits are only available to cardmembers after enrollment and will not be granted retroactively for any activity that occurs before enrollment. To maintain Explorist status, the primary Cardmember's World of Hyatt account must remain in good standing. To receive Explorist benefits, you must provide your World of Hyatt account number at time of reservation or at time of check-in. All benefits are subject to the complete World of Hyatt Membership Terms and Conditions, available at https://www.hyatt.com/help/termsOpens overlay. World of Hyatt may alter the Explorist benefits at any time. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, the stated benefits and services.

$75,000 Spend Benefit - IHG One Rewards Diamond Elite Status for Chase Sapphire Reserve and J.P. Morgan Reserve Cards: After meeting the $75,000 spend requirements as described above, you, as the primary cardmember, will be eligible for IHG One Rewards Diamond Elite status for the remainder of the calendar year in which you qualify and the following calendar year. After qualifying, you must activate this benefit by linking your IHG One Rewards account on Chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase mobile app. However, if you already activated your IHG Platinum Elite Status benefit, IHG Diamond Elite status will be automatically activated once you qualify. If you don't have an IHG One Rewards account number, visit ihg.com/rewardsclub/us/en/enrollment/joinOpens overlay to enroll and then return to chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase mobile app to link your IHG One Rewards account and activate this benefit. Please allow up to 3 weeks after linking your IHG One Rewards account for activation of your Diamond Elite status benefit to be complete. IHG One Rewards benefits are only available to cardmembers after enrollment and will not be granted retroactively for any activity that occurs before enrollment. To maintain Diamond Elite status the primary Cardmember's IHG One Rewards account must remain in good standing. To receive Diamond Elite benefits, you must provide their IHG One Rewards account number at time of reservation or at time of check-in. All benefits are subject to the complete IHG One Rewards Membership Terms and Conditions, available at ihg.com/termsOpens overlay. IHG may alter the Diamond Elite benefits at any time. Benefits and rewards may vary by region and brand and are based on availability. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, the stated benefits and services.

$75,000 Spend Benefit - $250 Credit for The Shops at Chase for Chase Sapphire Reserve and J.P. Morgan Reserve Cards: After meeting the $75,000 spend requirements as described above, you, as the primary cardmember, will have statement credits automatically applied to your account for purchases at The Shops at Chase, up to a maximum accumulation of $250 for the remainder of the calendar year in which you qualify through the following calendar year. The most you can have available at one time is $500 in statement credits if you qualify in consecutive years. The $250 Credit for The Shops at Chase must be available at the time qualifying purchases are made to be applied to your account. See the Benefits section of your account on Chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile® app for benefit status. Statement credits should post to your account within 3 business days but may take up to 4 weeks. We may reverse statement credits if an eligible purchase is returned, canceled, or modified or if you close your account within 90 days of receiving a statement credit. To receive statement credits, your account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

$75,000 Spend Benefit - $500 Southwest Airlines Chase Travel Credit for Chase Sapphire Reserve and J.P. Morgan Reserve Cards: After meeting the $75,000 spend requirements as described above, you, as the primary cardmember, will have statement credits automatically applied to your account for Southwest Airlines purchases made on Chase Travel, up to a maximum accumulation of $500 for the remainder of the calendar year in which you qualify expiring at the end of the following calendar year. The most you can have available at one time is $1,000 in statement credits if you qualify in consecutive years. The $500 Southwest Airlines Chase Travel Credit must be available at the time qualifying purchases are made to be applied to your account. See the Benefits section of your account on chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile® app for benefit status. Statement credits should post to your account within 3 business days but may take up to 4 weeks. We may reverse statement credits if an eligible purchase is returned, canceled, or modified or if you close your account within 90 days of receiving a statement credit. Any portion of your purchase that qualifies for the $500 Southwest Airlines Chase Travel Credit will not earn points. To receive statement credits, your account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

$75,000 Spend Benefit - Southwest Airlines Rapid Rewards A-List Status for Chase Sapphire Reserve and J.P. Morgan Reserve Cards: After meeting the $75,000 spend requirements as described above, you, as the primary cardmember, will be eligible for Southwest Rapid Rewards A-List status for the remainder of the calendar year in which you qualify through the following calendar year (expiring on December 31st of that year). After qualifying, you must activate this benefit by linking your Southwest Rapid Rewards membership on Chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile® app. The Primary Cardmember's name on your Chase Sapphire Reserve card account needs to match the name on your Rapid Rewards membership. Even minor variations could result in failure when attempting to activate the benefit. If you do not have a Southwest Rapid Rewards membership number, go to southwest.com/enroll/Opens overlay to enroll and then return to chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile® app to link your Southwest Rapid Rewards membership and activate this benefit. Please allow 10-15 business days after linking your Southwest Rapid Rewards membership for activation of your Southwest Rapid Rewards A-List status to be complete. A-List status is only available for the primary Chase Sapphire Reserve or J.P. Morgan Reserve cardmember and their associated Southwest Rapid Rewards member number. To maintain Southwest Rapid Rewards A-List status the primary Cardmember's Rapid Rewards membership must remain in good standing. Chase is not responsible for the fulfilment of A-List benefits; Southwest Rapid Rewards program is subject to the program rules and regulations: support.southwest.com/helpcenter/s/article/rapid-rewards-rules-and-regulationsOpens overlay. To see Rapid Rewards A-List status details, visit: southwest.com/rapid-rewards/tiers/a-list/Opens overlay. Southwest reserves the right to change these status details from time to time.

$300 Annual StubHub Credit through 12/31/27 for Chase Sapphire Reserve and J.P. Morgan Reserve Personal Cards: One-time activation required on chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile® app. A statement credit will be automatically applied to your account for qualifying purchases with StubHub and viagogo up to a maximum accumulation of $150 in statement credits from January 1 through June 30 and up to $150 from July 1 through December 31, for a total maximum accumulation of $300 in statement credits each calendar year through 12/31/27. Calendar year means January 1 through December 31 of that same year. Statement credit periods end at 11:59 PM ET on the last day of the period. Please note that merchant delays in the processing or submission of transactions can cause purchases made during one statement credit period to be allocated to the next period. Qualifying purchases are when you or an authorized user of the account use the card for purchases (excluding gift cards) made directly with StubHub and viagogo through stubhub.comOpens overlay and the StubHub app and viagogo.comOpens overlay and the viagogo app. Please note that purchases for events in the UK cannot be completed through stubhub.comOpens overlay and you will be redirected to stubhub.co.ukOpens overlay, operated by StubHub International, to complete these purchases; StubHub is not affiliated with StubHub International and these purchases will not qualify. Call the number on the back of your card to find out eligibility for your next $300 Annual StubHub Credit. The $300 Annual StubHub Credit must be available at the time qualifying purchases are made to be applied to your account. Statement credits should post to your account within 3 business days but may take up to 4 weeks. We may reverse statement credits if an eligible purchase is returned, canceled, or modified or if you close your account within 90 days of receiving a statement credit. No minimum purchase required. To receive statement credits, your account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

Chase Sapphire Reserve, J.P. Morgan Reserve, & Chase Sapphire Reserve for Business Card Terms
$10 Monthly Lyft Credit Up to $120 Annually for Chase Sapphire Reserve, J.P. Morgan Reserve and Chase Sapphire Reserve for Business: You or an employee/authorized user of the account, whoever adds their Chase Sapphire Reserve, J.P. Morgan Reserve, or Chase Sapphire Reserve for Business card to the Lyft app first, will receive a $10 Lyft credit each calendar month through 9/30/2027 to use for qualifying Lyft purchases, which equals up to $120 in a 12-month period. Qualifying Lyft purchases are when the card is used for Lyft rideshare rides booked in the Lyft app and do not include membership purchases. Lyft credits can only be used on Standard, Extra Comfort, XL, Black, or Black SUV ride modes. The credit may not apply to all Lyft charges or services, for example, fees, taxes, tip, and gift card purchases are excluded. When applied to your ride, the $10 credit will apply only to the subtotal of your Lyft ride at payment. The credit will be automatically applied on eligible rides with the option to remove, except for when checking out on a Lyft Business Profile, which will allow for the option to apply the credit but it will not be automatically applied. The credit may not be combined with other credits or discounts available on the Lyft platform. Only one $10 credit per card account may be redeemed each month and credits unused at the end of the month will be forfeited. The credit may not be available on Lyft purchases made outside of the U.S., U.S. territories, and Canada. Lyft credits have no cash value and are non-transferable. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, Lyft benefits and services. Your Chase account must be open and not in default, and your Chase Sapphire Reserve, J.P. Morgan Reserve, or Chase Sapphire Reserve for Business card must be included and used as the payment method within the Lyft app to receive the $10 credit each month. Using a $10 credit on a Lyft ride requires Lyft to share ride credit details with Chase to verify eligibility. PayPal or digital wallets (like Apple Pay and Google Wallet) are excluded from this offer. All Lyft products and services are subject to the Lyft Terms of Service.

5X Points Offer on Lyft Purchases: You'll earn 5X points on qualifying Lyft products and services purchased through the Lyft mobile application through 09/30/2027. That's 4 additional points on top of the 1 point earned on all purchases in the rewards program. Qualifying Lyft products and services include rideshare; bike and scooter rides; and subscription and membership products. Purchase of gift cards, car rentals, vehicle service centers, miscellaneous fees and other Lyft products and services are excluded from this promotion. Future Lyft products or services may not be eligible. Additional points will appear on your billing statement in a separate line from base points. Lyft is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, Chase benefits or services. See Earning in the Rewards Program for more information about earning points.

$120 Annual Peloton Membership Credit through 12/31/27 for Chase Sapphire Reserve and J.P. Morgan Reserve Personal Cards: One-time activation required on chase.comOpens in a new window or the Chase Mobile® app. A statement credit will be automatically applied to your account for qualifying Peloton Membership purchases up to a monthly maximum of $10 for a total maximum accumulation of $120 per calendar year through 12/31/2027. Qualifying monthly Peloton Memberships include only Peloton All-Access Membership, Rental, App+, Guide, App One, or Strength+ memberships purchased by you, or an authorized user, with a Chase Sapphire Reserve or J.P. Morgan Reserve credit card. Purchases made outside the U.S. are not eligible. For Peloton Membership statement credits, you must visit onepeloton.com/digital/promotions/chaseOpens overlay and sign up for a new Peloton Membership or sign into your existing Peloton account with an eligible credit card as the payment method on file. Purchases made via a third-party app store (e.g., Apple App store or Google Play store) do not qualify for the statement credit. Statement credits should post to your account within 3 business days but may take up to 4 weeks. Chase is only responsible for posting the statement credit to your credit card account, based on information supplied by Peloton. Peloton Membership is subject to the Peloton Terms of Service available at https://www.onepeloton.com/terms-of-serviceOpens overlay. To receive statement credits, your account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

10X or 5X total points on eligible Peloton equipment and accessory purchases through 12/31/2027: You'll earn a total of 10 (Sapphire Reserve or J.P. Morgan Reserve) or 5 (Sapphire Preferred) points for each $1 spent on up to $5,000 in total purchases when your card is used for Peloton equipment and accessory purchases over $150 through Peloton from 4/1/2025 through 12/31/2027. That's 9 (Sapphire Reserve or J.P. Morgan Reserve) or 4 (Sapphire Preferred) points on top of the 1 point you already earn on these purchases with your card. Only purchases made directly through Peloton - through onepeloton.comOpens overlay, over the phone, or in a Peloton showroom - are eligible. Online purchases made using the Truemed pay with HSA/FSA funds checkout flow are not eligible. Purchases made outside the U.S. are not eligible. Gift cards and apparel are not eligible. Points earned on eligible Peloton equipment and accessory purchases will be deducted from the cardmember's account if the order is canceled or returned. Purchases must post to the cardmember's account by the last day of the promotional period to qualify. Sometimes your card will be charged on a date after you make a purchase, and as a result the purchase may not post to your account until after the last day of the promotional period. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks after qualifying purchases post to your account for points to post to your account. To qualify for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. This bonus offer is non-transferable.

Air Canada Lounge Access: Eligible cardmembers include: Chase Sapphire Reserve and J.P. Morgan Reserve primary cardmembers and authorized users; Chase Sapphire Reserve for Business Authorizing Officers. Authorized users of Chase Sapphire Reserve for Business accounts, such as employees, are not eligible for Air Canada lounge access. Eligible cardmembers are granted complimentary access for themselves and 1 guest each to Air Canada's network of Maple Leaf Lounges and Air Canada Cafés across participating locations in Canada, the U.S. and Europe, when departing on a Star Alliance member airline flight. Air Canada Signature Suites and all lounges located in Montréal (YUL) are excluded. Additional guests are allowed for a fee (currently $59 USD at US lounges, $59 CAD at Canadian lounges, £59 GBP in the UK and €59 Euros in Europe) per guest, per visit. Fees are subject to change based on Air Canada's guest fees and policy terms. Other taxes, fees, and charges may apply. Access through this benefit is limited to lounges in the airport where you are awaiting a departing or connecting flight; lounges in the airport of your final destination are excluded. To access a lounge, eligible cardmembers must present their valid physical or digital Chase card; Eligible cardmembers and their guests must also present an eligible physical or digital same-day or overnight departing or connecting boarding pass for a flight operated by a Star Alliance member airline. Access is dependent on available capacity in the lounge. This benefit may be modified or canceled at any time without notice. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits and services. For complete Air Canada Terms and Conditions and a listing of participating lounges, please visit aircanada.com/loungesOpens overlay.

Account Alerts: Delivery of alerts may be delayed for various reasons including technology failures and capacity limitations. There is no charge from Chase, but message and data rates may apply.

Zero Liability: Zero Liability Protection does not apply to use of an account by an authorized user without the approval of the primary cardmember. If you think someone used your account without permission, tell us immediately by calling the Cardmember Services number on your card or billing statement.

Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.

Chase Sapphire Reserve credit cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Offer subject to change.

