Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply.

This credit card is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of any United Club℠ credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of any United Club credit card who received a new Cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. If you are an existing United Club Visa Signature Cardmember and would like this credit card, please call the number on the back of your card to see if you are eligible for a credit card product change.

New Cardmember Bonus – 80,000 Miles: To qualify, you must make $5,000 in purchases during the first 3 months from account opening. After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus to post to your United MileagePlus account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, your credit card account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services. However, the following types of transactions won’t count as purchases: balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions; lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions; person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. These miles do not count toward Premier status. If your account is not open for at least six months, United and Chase reserve the right to deduct the bonus miles from your MileagePlus account. 

10,000 Bonus Miles After You Add An Authorized User In The First 3 Months From Account Opening: This product is not available to either (i) current Cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous Cardmembers of this credit card who received a new Cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. With this bonus offer, you will qualify and receive 10,000 bonus miles after your addition of an authorized user to your account during the first 3 months from account opening. 10,000 bonus miles will only be awarded once, for the first authorized user added to your account regardless of how many total authorized users you add to your account. After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus miles to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default, and authorized user must be on your account at the time of fulfillment. These miles do not count toward Premier status. If your account is not open for at least 6 months, United and Chase reserve the right to deduct the bonus miles from your MileagePlus Program account. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the 10,000 bonus miles, which will post directly to your MileagePlus account and not appear on your credit card statement. 

Adding Authorized Users: All correspondence, including credit cards, statements, and notifications will be sent to the name and address on file for the primary cardmember. The primary cardmember is responsible for repaying all balances on this account. Authorized users will have the same charging privileges as the primary cardmember but will not be financially responsible. Chase provides account information to the credit reporting agencies for all account users. This information could impact an authorized user's credit score. When you tell us to add a user to your account, you're confirming that you have a relationship with the person or people whose name(s), address(es), and date(s) of birth you've told us, that all their information is correct, and that you have their consent to add them. If Chase determines you've given us fraudulent name, address, or date of birth information or did not have such consent, Chase can close this account.

Earning in the Rewards Program: You'll earn miles on purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds, made with a UnitedSM credit card by you or an authorized user of the account; however, the following types of transactions won't count as purchases and won't earn miles: balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions; lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions; person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency,  any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 1 mile: You'll earn 1 mile for each $1 spent. 2 miles: You'll earn 2 miles total for each $1 spent (1 additional mile on top of the 1 mile per $1 earned on each purchase) in the following rewards categories: dining at restaurants including takeout and eligible delivery services; travel (excluding United purchases that qualify for 5 miles as described). 5 miles: You'll earn 5 miles total for each $1 spent (4 additional miles on top of the 1 mile per $1 earned on each purchase) on airline tickets purchased from United, and on the following purchases made from United: seat upgrades; Economy Plus®; inflight food, beverages and Wi-Fi; baggage service charges or other United fees. You'll also earn 5 miles total for each $1 spent on purchases of United Card Events from Chase. Other United related purchases, such as United Cruises®, United MileagePlus X, DIRECTV® and Merchandise Awards, are excluded. United tickets booked through some discount travel websites or as part of a third-party travel package will also not qualify. 5 miles: You'll earn 5 miles total for each $1 spent (3 additional miles on top of the 2 miles total per $1 earned in the travel category as described) on hotel accommodation purchases made using your card with Renowned Hotels and Resorts for United® Cardmembers through Chase Travel. Renowned Hotels and Resorts purchases made using your card through FROSCH by Chase Travel, Valerie Wilson Travel by Chase Travel, or Frosch International Travel LLC will not qualify to earn 5 miles total for each $1 spent. Information about earning/transferring miles to United: Miles earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to United after the end of each billing cycle. Losing miles: You'll immediately lose all miles that haven't been transferred to United if your card account status changes, or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. For important information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window. For more information about the United ClubSM Card rewards program, you can see the latest Rewards Program Agreement at https://www.chase.com/unitedcard/clubrewardsagreementOpens in a new window and it will also be available for cardmembers after logging in to chase.comOpens in a new window and will be mailed for new or changed accounts.

Earning miles from United on United flights and United Hotels: Miles earned on United flights and United Hotels purchased directly from United are earned on the fare and are subject to exclusions. The fare is the base fare of the ticket plus carrier-imposed surcharges or the base fare of the hotel accommodation, excluding any government-imposed taxes and surcharges. Mileage earning differs for Basic Economy or base option tickets and companions traveling on the same reservation. For details see united.com/FlightEarnOpens overla. For details on earning miles from United on United Hotels, see united.com/UnitedHotelsTermsOpens overlay. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, miles earned from United under the MileagePlus program. Miles will post directly to your United MileagePlus account and will not appear on your credit card statement. Miles earned from United under the MileagePlus program for United flight and United Hotels purchases will be earned in accordance with the rules of the MileagePlus program. For details see united.com/mprulesOpens overlay.

Award Flight Pricing: Eligible primary Cardmembers will be eligible to book award flights on United® or United® Express with discounted award pricing. Cardmember award pricing is valid on award flights on United or United Express only; Cardmember award pricing does not apply to Money + Miles tickets, tickets purchased with cash, or other redemption products. Eligible primary Cardmembers without MileagePlus Premier status will be eligible to book award flights on United or United Express with at least 10% fewer miles than the base price paid by members without an eligible card, and Primary Cardmembers with MileagePlus Premier status will be eligible to book award flights on United or United Express with at least 15% fewer miles than the base price paid by members without an eligible card. To be eligible to receive Cardmember award pricing, the account must be open and not in default at time of fulfillment. To receive Award Pricing, the qualifying award reservation must be booked with the primary Cardmember’s MileagePlus account. Cardmember award pricing is valid for the primary Cardmember’s MileagePlus account only and is not transferrable. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the Cardmember award pricing on United or United Express flights. The benefit may take up to 5 weeks to become effective after the card is issued.

Free Checked Bags: The primary Cardmember and one traveling companion on the same reservation are each eligible to receive their first and second standard checked bags free; authorized users are only eligible if they are on the same reservation as the primary Cardmember. To receive first and second standard checked bags free, the primary Cardmember must use their United ClubSM Card to purchase their ticket(s) (this purchase requirement is waived for flights completed during the 90 days following the account open date) and include their MileagePlus® number in their reservation. First and second standard checked bags free is only available on United- and United Express-operated flights; codeshare partner- operated flights are not eligible. Service charges for oversized, overweight and extra baggage may apply. Cardmembers who are already exempt from other checked baggage service charges will not receive additional free standard checked bags. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits. Please allow 2 weeks after account opening for your first and second free standard checked bags to be available on eligible United reservations. Please visit united.com/ChaseBagOpens overlay for details.

United Club card and All Access memberships: United Club card membership is subject to United Club terms and conditions, united.com/UnitedClubRulesOpens overlay, and access policies, united.com/UnitedClubAccessOpens overlay, each of which is subject to change, with or without notice. Please allow 2 weeks after account open date for the United Club card membership to activate (excludes Star Alliance and affiliated lounges). The United Club card membership card will be available in your United App once membership is granted. Authorized users will not receive their own United Club card membership and are only eligible for United Club access if they accompany the primary Cardmember and qualify as an eligible guest per the then-current United Club access policies. United Club card membership allows for one adult guest and dependent children under the age of 18 to accompany the primary Cardmember each United Club visit. Star Alliance lounge access is not included. Effective August 1, 2025, as the primary cardmember, you will have the ability to earn United Club All Access membership after exceeding $50,000 in net purchases on your United ClubSM Card in a calendar year or earning Premier Gold status or higher. United Club All Access membership will be valid for the remainder of the calendar year in which it became effective and the following calendar year. The primary Cardmember must maintain Premier Gold status or meet annual spend requirements yearly to maintain United Club All Access membership. The MileagePlus Program, including the Premier program, are subject to change and are subject to the rules of the Mileage Plus program. Visit united.com/MileagePlusOpens overlay to learn more. Visit united.com/UnitedClubRulesOpens overlay, and access policies, united.com/UnitedClubAccessOpens overlay for terms and conditions. United Club All Access Membership allows for two adult guests or one adult guest and dependent children under the age of 18 to accompany the primary Cardmember each United Club visit. Cardmembers with United Club All Access membership will have access to Star Alliance lounges. Information on the terms and access policies for participating Star Alliance lounges is available at StarAlliance.comOpens overlay. If a cardmember upgrades to the United ClubSM Card or the United ClubSM Business Card from a different United Card, eligible purchases made on the prior United Card will not count toward the calendar year purchase requirement. "Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, traveler's checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, racetrack wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, or fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. Returns and refunds will be deducted from your purchases amount. The Cardmember's United Club card membership will be renewed automatically on each credit card anniversary date. Upon closure of the United ClubSM Card account, all Cardmember benefits, including the United Club card memberships, will be cancelled. Existing United Club members are eligible to receive a pro-rated refund for any unused portion of their current membership if the refund is greater than $15. Please allow 6 to 10 weeks to receive refund checks. Lifetime United Club members are excluded from receiving a reimbursement. Chase is not responsible for the fulfillment of the United Club card memberships.

United Club Passes with United Club All Access membership and an authorized user: Four (4) United ClubSM one-time passes will be deposited into the primary Cardmember's MileagePlus Program account after each Cardmember anniversary ("Anniversary" is the date that is twelve months after credit card account open date, and the same date each twelve months thereafter) so long as the primary Cardmember has United Club All Access membership and an authorized user at time of anniversary. As the primary Cardmember, you will have the ability to earn United Club All Access membership after exceeding $50,000 in net purchases on United ClubSM Card in a calendar year or by earning Premier Gold status or higher that calendar year. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) United Club All Access membership will be valid for the remainder of the calendar year in which it became effective and through the end of the next United program year. To maintain uninterrupted access, the primary Cardmember must maintain at least Premier Gold status or meet the $50,000 annual spend requirements. Please allow 4 weeks for the United Club passes to be deposited into the primary Cardmember's MileagePlus account. Each pass grants one person one-time access to a United Club location, but only if the primary Cardmember or an authorized user is also admitted to the lounge. Please allow 3 weeks from the date an authorized user is added before the authorized user redeems a one-time pass without the primary cardmember present. Access is subject to United Club terms & conditions, united.com/UnitedClubRulesOpens overlay, and Club access policies, united.com/UnitedClubAccessOpens overlay, each of which is subject to change, with or without notice. Access is subject to space availability. United Club passes must be presented for admittance to the United Club and can be accessed through the United app or by printing them from your MileagePlus account on united.comOpens overlay. United Club passes issued as a Cardmember benefit have no cash value, cannot be sold, gifted or transferred and cannot be replaced if lost or stolen. Each United Club pass is subject to the expiration date located on the pass. If your credit card account is closed, United and Chase reserve the right to remove the unused United Club passes from your MileagePlus Program account. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, United Club amenities or United Club passes.

Premier Access: The primary Cardmember and companions traveling on the same reservation are eligible for Premier Access®; authorized users are only eligible if they are on the same reservation as the primary Cardmember. Benefits include the following travel services where available: designated check-in lines, priority security lanes, priority boarding and priority baggage handling. To receive Premier Access, the primary Cardmember must include their MileagePlus® number in their reservation. Premier Access is only available on United- and United Express-operated flights; codeshare partner-operated flights are not eligible. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, Premier Access. Please allow 2 weeks after account opening for Premier Access to be available on your United reservation. Please visit united.com/PremierAccessOpens overlay for details.

Earn Premier Qualifying Points (PQP): The primary Cardmember will earn 1 Premier Qualifying Point (PQP) for every $15 in net purchases (including purchases made by authorized users) up to a maximum of 28,000 PQP within the calendar year. "Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. PQP will apply towards Premier status tiers up to and including Premier 1k®. PQP earn rate, annual cap and qualification requirements for Premier status may vary by MileagePlus program year and MileagePlus Credit Card type. Please allow 6-8 weeks after qualifying purchases for PQP to post to your MileagePlus account. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits.

1,500 Card Bonus Premier Qualifying Points (PQP): The primary Cardmember will earn 1,500 Card Bonus Premier Qualifying Points (PQP) within 6-8 weeks after February 1 of each year. Card Bonus PQP will post directly to your United MileagePlus account and will not appear on your credit card statement. The Card Bonus PQP do not count toward the calendar year maximum PQP Cardmembers can earn for net purchases. PQP will apply toward Premier status tiers up to and including Premier 1K. Qualification requirements for Premier status may vary by MileagePlus program year. To be eligible for this offer, account must be open as of December 31 of the prior year and must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. United reserves the right to cancel or remove the Card Bonus PQPs for any Cardmembers that close or downgrade their account during the qualification year. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the PQP stated in this offer.

Global Entry or TSA PreCheck® or NEXUS Application Fee Statement Credit: You will receive one statement credit every four years (up to $120) after the first program (either Global Entry or TSA PreCheck® or NEXUS) application fee is charged to your United ClubSM Visa Infinite Card, by you or an authorized user. This benefit applies only to the Global Entry, TSA PreCheck® or NEXUS programs, other Trusted Traveler Programs are not eligible. Only purchases made directly with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, eligible partner listed on ttp.cbp.dhs.gov/Opens Overlay, or authorized enrollment providers featured on tsa.gov/precheckOpens Overlay website are eligible for reimbursement. Purchases made through any third parties, such as travel agencies or application assistance services, are not eligible for reimbursement. The statement credit will appear on your credit card billing statement within 1-2 billing cycles. You are responsible for payment of all charges until the statement credit posts to the account. Chase has no control or liability regarding these programs including, but not limited to, applications, approval process or enrollment, or fees charged by CBP or TSA or DHS. For more information about the Global Entry, TSA PreCheck® and NEXUS programs, including application details and full terms and conditions, go to ttp.cbp.dhs.gov/Opens Overlay. Websites and other information provided by government agencies are not within Chase's control and may not be available in Spanish. To receive statement credits, your account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.
Neither United Airlines nor MileagePlus is responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits. TSA PreCheck® is a registered trademark and is used with the permission of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.

25% back on food, beverage and Wi-Fi purchases on board United and United Express-operated flights and United Club premium drink purchases: You will receive 25% back, in the form of a credit card account statement credit, on purchases of food, beverages and Wi-Fi on board United and United Express-operated flights, and Wi-Fi subscription purchases, when you use your United ClubSM Card to make such purchases. You will also receive 25% back, in the form of a credit card account statement credit, on premium drink purchases at United Clubs. The statement credit will post to your account within 24 hours of your onboard purchase posting to your account. You will also receive 25% back on food, beverage and Wi-Fi purchases made on board, on Wi-Fi subscription purchases, and on premium drink purchases at United Clubs by authorized users who use your United Club Card account to make such purchases. To qualify for the 25% back, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. To find a list of United Club locations, please visit United.comOpens overlay.

Award Availability, Pricing, and Fees: As long as tickets are still available for sale for the applicable cabin on any United-operated flight, MileagePlus members can use miles to book award travel on such flight. Award pricing is subject to change without notice. Awards on partner-operated flights and upgrade awards are subject to limitations and restrictions. Passenger is responsible for all taxes, fees, baggage fees and surcharges applicable to award travel, including, with respect to government imposed taxes and fees, September 11th Security Fee of $5.60 per one-way trip that does not include a government defined stopover, US Customs, Immigration and APHIS User Fees of $18.23 for each international arrival in the U.S.; and non-U.S. government ticket taxes, fees and airport charges may add up to $375 per ticket as of January 1, 2026. Such taxes, fees and surcharges must be paid at the time of ticketing and are subject to change. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits. Visit united.com/AirAwardsOpens overlay for details.

$200 Renowned Hotels and Resorts Statement Credit: A statement credit will automatically be applied to your account when you book and prepay with your card directly through Renowned Hotels and Resorts for United® Cardmembers, up to a maximum accumulation of $200 annually. Annual means the year beginning with your account open date through the first statement date after your account open date anniversary, and the 12 monthly billing cycles after that each year.  To qualify for the statement credit, you must utilize “Pay Now” at booking. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks for statement credit(s) to post to your account. Annual statement credits will be issued for the year in which the transaction posts to your account. Delays by the Renowned Hotels and Resorts property could extend the transaction date beyond the annual period end date and will be allocated towards the following year's annual Renowned Hotels and Resorts statement credit maximum of $200. To qualify for this statement credit, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

Renowned Hotels and Resorts for United® Cardmembers: Renowned Hotels and Resorts for United® Cardmembers program benefits are available exclusively on select Chase credit cards. To receive benefits, reservations must be made for Renowned Hotels and Resorts for United® Cardmembers properties through Chase Travel. Benefits are per room and based on double occupancy. Benefits may be subject to availability at check-in and are not redeemable for cash. Benefits may not be combined with other offers, including tour operator or wholesaler rates and packages. Complimentary Wi-Fi benefit provided, with the exception of locations where Wi-Fi is already complimentary or not available. Program benefits and participating properties may change without notice. Visit www.renownedhotels.comOpens overlay to learn more, other terms may apply.

$150 Rideshare Statement Credit: Earn up to $12 back as a statement credit each month from January to November and up to $18 back as a statement credit in December when you pay for rideshare purchases using your United ClubSM Card. That means you can earn up to a maximum accumulation of $150 in statement credits each calendar year. You must enroll to receive this benefit. You will receive this benefit starting the day after enrollment, continuing each month through the end of the calendar year. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks for statement credit(s) to post to your account. Eligible purchases will qualify for this benefit the month enrollment is completed and each month thereafter. Statement credit(s) will be issued for the calendar month in which the transaction posts to your account. Delays by the rideshare service could extend the transaction date beyond the calendar month end date and will be allocated toward the following month's credit amount. To qualify for this statement credit, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. If your credit card account is closed at any time, United and Chase reserve the right to remove any statement credits that were not posted to your account. For important information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQsOpens in a new window.

Avis President's Club Membership: The primary Cardmember of the United ClubSM Card, the UnitedSM Presidential PlusSM Card, the United ClubSM Business Card, and the UnitedSM Presidential PlusSM Business Card is eligible to enroll in Avis President's Club by visiting united.com/AvisChaseBenefitOpens overlay. Please allow up to 7 business days after enrolling in Avis President's Club for your membership to process. Once enrolled, in order to receive Avis President's Club benefits, the primary Cardmember must include their Avis Preferred number in their Avis reservation. Offer made by Avis. All Avis Preferred and Rental Terms and Conditions apply, including the right to change, limit or modify the Avis President's Club Program or portions of the program at any time. Please visit united.com/AvisChaseBenefitOpens overlay for details. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, the stated benefits and services.

Up to $100 Avis or Budget Travel Credit: Earn $50 in United TravelBank cash on your first eligible Avis or Budget purchase and $50 in United TravelBank cash on your second eligible Avis or Budget purchase when you use your United ClubSM Card on Avis or Budget rental car purchases made directly through cars.united.comOpens overlay, up to a maximum accumulation of $100 annually. Annual means the year beginning with your account open date through the first statement date after your account open date anniversary, and the 12 monthly billing cycles after that each year. To be eligible for this offer, the Avis or Budget rental car reservation must be for a minimum of 2 days from a participating Avis/Budget location, the Primary Cardmember must include their MileagePlus® number in the reservation, and one of the following discount codes must be applied: Avis AWD A7915000 or A7909000 or Budget BCD B2049000 or B2048000. You can select “Apply discounted rates” on cars.united.comOpens overlay to apply the discount codes. This Avis Travel credit will be delivered in the form of United® TravelBank cash and will be added to your MileagePlus account within 6-8 weeks after each eligible Avis or Budget rental return. Annual TravelBank cash will be issued for the year in which the transaction posts to your account. Processing delays could extend the transaction date beyond the annual period end date, in that case the Avis or Budget travel credit will be allocated towards the following year's annual credit. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits and services. United® TravelBank cash will post directly to your MileagePlus account and will not appear on your credit card statement.

United Travel Credit: United travel credits, in the form of United TravelBank cash, must be used for bookings on a United-or United Express®-operated flight or as otherwise permitted by United, and the reservation must be made prior to the expiration date of the credit. TravelBank cash may not be combined, transferred, extended beyond expiration date, or re-credited for miles. Unused TravelBank cash will expire 12 months after date of issue. TravelBank cash can be used alone or in combination with most other forms of payment. You can't combine TravelBank cash with travel certificates, future flight credit or miles. Flight purchases made with Money + Miles do not qualify for applying TravelBank cash. TravelBank cash credit must be used toward a reservation made within 12 months from the issue date. For more information about TravelBank cash, visit united.com/TravelBankTermsOpens overlay. To qualify and earn your TravelBank cash, your account must be open and in good standing at time of fulfillment. If your credit card account is closed at any time or you move to a different United card, United reserves the right to remove the unused TravelBank cash from your MileagePlus account. Offer and TravelBank cash rules and regulations are subject to change. Taxes and fees related to travel are the responsibility of the passenger.

Receive two $10 credits per month in the Instacart App: As a United ClubSM Card Primary cardmember, you can receive two (2) $10 credits in your Instacart account each month you have an active Instacart+ membership after you activate your complimentary Chase Instacart+ membership on https://www.instacart.com/p/chase-unitedOpens overlay from 3/23/2025 through 12/31/2027. Activate a complimentary Chase Instacart+ membership on https://www.instacart.com/p/chase-unitedOpens overlay with your eligible Chase credit card. The monthly credits will be made available to you in your Instacart+ account at the beginning of each month and will only be available on that platform for the remainder of that calendar month; the monthly credits will not roll over into a subsequent month. Each monthly credit is only eligible on one purchase of $10 or more made on Instacart.comOpens overlay with one retailer and using your United ClubSM Card. Any unused portion of a monthly credit will not be available for future use. Eligible purchases will qualify for these credits the month your United ClubSM Card is added to your Instacart account and each month thereafter. To qualify for these credits, your United ClubSM Card account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. If your credit card account is closed at any time, Instacart, United and Chase reserve the right to remove any unused Instacart credits from your account. Credit will be applied to the total purchase price for all eligible products and excludes taxes, service and delivery fees, tips, special handling fees and/or other fees. Limit 1 credit per order. Excludes restaurant orders powered by Uber Eats. State and Local laws in your area may prohibit alcohol discounts and/or exclude alcohol from this offer's qualifying minimum spend of $10. If the discount isn't applied automatically during checkout, alcohol products may not be eligible for this offer in your location. Credit has no cash value and is non-transferable. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by Instacart are not within Chase and United Airlines' control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase or United Airlines are not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, Instacart benefits and services. Credit card product changes during the promotional period will forfeit this offer. Deliveries subject to availability. In order to take advantage of this offer, customers must have a valid account on Instacart.comOpens overlay with their valid United ClubSM Card on file. Only one offer per household. Instacart reserves the right to modify or cancel this offer at any time. Offer may not be sold, copied, modified, transferred or used retroactively for prior purchases. Void where restricted or prohibited by law. Offer may expire prior to your actual use of the offer, without liability to Instacart. Instacart is not a retailer or seller. Instacart may not be available in all zip or post codes.

Complimentary Instacart+ membership: You, as the Primary cardmember will receive a complimentary Instacart+ membership starting on the date the offer is activated on https://www.instacart.com/p/chase-unitedOpens overlay with your United ClubSM Card through 12/31/27 or for a minimum of a one year term, whichever is longer. You must activate the offer by 12/31/27. Membership must be activated with a United States address. By activating this offer, you agree to the Instacart+ Terms and that after your complimentary term expires you will be charged $99/year, or the then current rate, for an annual recurring membership and billed automatically to any active payment method on file, unless you cancel. Subscription prices are subject to change. If you have an existing Instacart+ membership, your existing membership will be paused for the duration of the complimentary term and resume upon expiration of the complimentary term. You may cancel your paid subscription by selecting "Cancel Membership" in the "Your Instacart+ Membership" page. You will not be charged if you cancel prior to the end of your complimentary Instacart+ membership period or applicable paid membership start date. You are eligible to receive a refund if you cancel within 5 days of the start of the paid membership term and you have not placed any orders with Instacart+ nor activated the New York Times Cooking subscription offer. Benefits of Instacart+ Membership include $0 delivery fees on eligible orders that total over $35. Service and other fees, taxes, and/or tips on orders may apply. If you product change to another Chase credit card during the promotional period, your benefits may end or change. Chase and United Airlines are not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, Instacart+ Membership benefits and services. Your United ClubSM Card must be open and not in default to maintain eligibility for Instacart+ membership benefits. See full Instacart+ Membership terms and conditions at: instacart.com/termsOpens overlay. This offer is non-transferable. Memberships purchased through third parties are excluded from this offer. This offer is subject to modification or termination at any time without notice.

$200 JSX Statement Credit: A statement credit will automatically be applied to your account when your card is used to make purchases directly with JSX, up to a maximum accumulation of $200 annually. Annual means the year beginning with your account open date through the first statement date after your account open date anniversary, and the 12 monthly billing cycles after that each year. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks for statement credit(s) to post to your account. Annual statement credits will be issued for the year in which the transaction posts to your account. Delays by JSX could extend the transaction posting date beyond the annual period end date and will be allocated towards the following year's annual JSX statement credit maximum of $200. To qualify for this statement credit, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.

Earning Award Flight Discounts: Award flight discounts have no mile value until applied. Award flight discounts can be applied to eligible award travel as long as greater than 10,000 miles are redeemed and are a discount on award travel flights mileage price. To qualify as eligible award travel, the award ticket must have at least one (1) segment booked on United® or United Express® and reservation must be made prior to the expiration date of the credit. Unused award flight discounts may not be combined, transferred, extended beyond expiration date, or re-credited for miles. Flight purchases made with Money + Miles do not qualify for applying award flight discount. Each unused award flight discount will expire 12 months after date of issue. To qualify and earn your award flight discount, your account must be open and in good standing at time of fulfillment. If your credit card account is closed at any time or you move to a different United card, United and Chase reserve the right to remove the unused award flight discounts from your MileagePlus Program account. Offer and award flight credit rules and regulations are subject to change. Taxes and fees related to award travel are the responsibility of the passenger.

Earn 10,000-mile award flight discount: For every $20,000 spent with your United ClubSM Card on Purchases in a calendar year earn a 10,000-mile award flight discount that can be used on eligible award travel on a United®- or United Express®-operated flight. There is a limit of up to two (2) 10,000-mile award flight discounts that may be accrued per eligible United ClubSM Card on up to a maximum of $40,000 in net purchases per calendar year. The award flight discount(s) will be deposited into your MileagePlus program account within 6 to 8 weeks after meeting the spend requirement. "Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, traveler's checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, racetrack wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, or fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. Returns and refunds will be deducted from your purchases amount. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits and services. Award flight discount(s) will post directly to your MileagePlus account and will not appear on your credit card statement.

Upgrading Award Tickets: The primary Cardmember who has MileagePlus® Premier® status and is traveling on an award ticket AND one companion that is traveling on the same reservation are eligible for Complimentary Premier Upgrades on select United- and United Express-operated flights, subject to availability; authorized users are only eligible if they are on the same reservation as the primary Cardmember. Assignment of Complimentary Premier Upgrades on award tickets within each Premier level will be prioritized after the lowest paid fare class. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits. Please visit united.com/upgradesOpens overlay for details on flights eligible for Complimentary Premier Upgrades and upgrade processing.

10% Saver Award Discount: The primary Cardmember will be eligible to book award flights in United Economy on United or United Express with 10% fewer miles. Discount is only valid for Economy Saver Awards (fare classes X and XN) for travel within the continental United States or between the continental United States and Canada. Discount applies to all passengers on the same reservation as the primary Cardmember. Award travel must be booked through the primary Cardmember's MileagePlus account on united.comOpens overlay or the United mobile app. The discount is not valid on flights operated by partner airlines and does not apply to taxes and fees associated with award travel. All United MileagePlus award travel terms apply. United may change or terminate this offer at any time and without notice. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits.

IHG One Rewards Platinum Elite Status: The primary Cardmember is eligible for Platinum Elite status in the IHG One Rewards program and will need to register for this benefit at united.com/ihgstatusOpens overlay. Please allow 4 weeks for the registration request to be processed by IHG One Rewards. To maintain Platinum Elite status the primary Cardmember's credit card account must remain open and their IHG One Rewards membership must remain in good standing. To receive Platinum Elite benefits, the primary Cardmember must provide their IHG One Rewards membership number at time of reservation or at time of check-in. All benefits are subject to complete IHG One Rewards Membership Terms and Conditions, available at ihg.com/termsOpens overlay. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, the stated benefits and services.

Concierge Service: Cardmembers are responsible for the cost of any goods or services purchased through Visa Infinite Concierge.

Cardmembers Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time: Eligible cardmembers are those with access to Chase Pay Over Time who use a participating Chase credit card for eligible purchases. Access to Chase Pay Over Time is not guaranteed, is based on a variety of factors such as creditworthiness, credit limit and account behavior, and may change from time to time. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time After Purchase: Participating Chase credit cards include most consumer credit cards and select small business credit cards. For a complete list of participating Chase credit cards, see "Which Chase credit cards are eligible to use Chase Pay Over Time after a purchase is made" at chase.com/personal/credit-cards/chasepayovertime/faqs/after-purchaseOpens in a new window. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time at checkout on Amazon.com: Participating Chase credit cards include all credit cards except small business credit cards, Amazon Visa and Prime Visa cards, and Chase Mastercard credit cards.

Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time Set Up After Purchase: Purchases of at least $100 are eligible, excluding certain transactions such as (a) cash-like transactions, (b) any fees owed to us, including Annual Membership Fees, and (c) purchases made under a separate promotion or special finance program. Eligible purchases will be identified within your transaction history on chase.com or the Chase Mobile App.

Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time at Checkout on Amazon.com: Orders totaling at least $50 of eligible items on Amazon.com are eligible. Amazon may designate any item as ineligible, such as Amazon Fresh, Whole Foods, Amazon Prime Now, 1-Click Purchases and Subscribe & Save. If your order includes a recurring subscription, then only the first month's subscription fee will be eligible. If available for your account, the option to choose "financing offers available" will appear at checkout.

Amazon, the Amazon.com logo, the smile logo, and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.comOpens overlay, Inc. or its affiliates.

Chase Mobile App: Chase Mobile® app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply.

United Visa Card Program Information
Individuals whose requests for this offer are not approved will not be enrolled in MileagePlus® through this request, although existing MileagePlus members will remain enrolled in MileagePlus. Authorized users will not be enrolled in MileagePlus as a result of this request. MileagePlus miles awarded through the use of the authorized user's card will only be credited to the primary cardmember's account. Chase's sole obligation concerning the award and redemption of miles shall be to make a valid request to United to award miles to the Primary Cardmember's associated MileagePlus account. Chase disclaims liability or responsibility for United's failure to award or redeem miles to the Primary Cardmember's associated MileagePlus account after Chase has met its obligations to United in connection with such a request. If a primary Cardmember's membership in United's MileagePlus Program is terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of that Program, the Cardmember will no longer be eligible to earn any MileagePlus miles for purchases using the United Card or access Cardmember benefits associated with the MileagePlus Program.

MileagePlus Program Terms and Conditions:
Miles accrued, awards, and benefits issued are subject to change and are subject to the rules of the United MileagePlus® program, including without limitation the Premier® program (the "MileagePlus Program"), which are expressly incorporated herein. Please allow 6-8 weeks after completed qualifying activity for miles to post to your account. United® may change the MileagePlus Program including, but not limited to, rules, regulations, travel awards and special offers or terminate the MileagePlus Program at any time and without notice. United and its subsidiaries, affiliates and agents are not responsible for any products or services of other participating companies and partners. Taxes and fees related to award travel are the responsibility of the member. Bonus award miles, award miles and any other miles earned through non-flight activity do not count toward qualification for Premier status unless expressly stated otherwise. The accumulation of mileage or Premier status or any other status does not entitle members to any vested rights with respect to the MileagePlus Program. All calculations made in connection with the MileagePlus Program, including without limitation with respect to the accumulation of mileage and the satisfaction of the qualification requirements for Premier status, will be made by United Airlines® and MileagePlus in their discretion and such calculations will be considered final. Information in this communication that relates to the MileagePlus Program does not purport to be complete or comprehensive and may not include all of the information that a member may believe is important, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to all of the information on the united.comOpens overlay website and the MileagePlus Program rules. United and MileagePlus are registered service marks. For complete details about the MileagePlus Program, go to united.comOpens overlay.

INSTACART®, the Instacart Carrot logo, the Instacart Partial Carrot logo, and the Instacart Carrot Top logo are trademarks of Maplebear Inc., d/b/a Instacart.

Instacart may not be available in all zip or post codes. See Instacart Terms of Service for more details.

The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.

United credit cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Offer subject to change.